Adam Singer Attorney - Cooch & TaylorChadds Ford, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Adam-Singer/9b22d2f0241e9143WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyCooch & Taylor - Wilmington, DE - 1998 to PresentCommercial/corporate law practice, representing creditors and trustees with respect to commercial transactional and litigation matters. Appear regularly in Federal Court proceedings. Lead counsel for and manage numerous liquidation cases with respect to corporations, partnerships and limited liability companies. Extensive client contact and front line experience.* Successfully litigate and resolve rights of fiduciaries, commercial landlords, priority claimants, and other types of commercial, governmental, and individual creditors* Negotiate and draft variety of commercial transactional and financing documents, including asset purchase and stock purchase agreements, transfer or license of intellectual property, and commercial leases* Maximize creditors' distributions by evaluating and liquidating business assets (both tangible and intangible). Analyze secured and priority status of multiple creditors. Negotiate favorable distribution structure among various creditors* Supervise other law firms and other business and tax professionals for clients* Train and supervise associates and paralegals within legal departmentUnited States Bankruptcy Court, Wilmington, DelawareJudicial Law ClerkAnalyzed commercial disputes in airline, construction, energy, hotel, restaurant, and other industries in one of the nation's busiest bankruptcy courts.* Researched and analyzed business disputes and recommended resolutions to federal bankruptcy judges; drafted numerous published court opinions addressing legal and factual issues to resolve disputes* Evaluated broad range of issues including partnerships, corporations, real estate, insurance, commercial leases and contracts, secured and unsecured financing, other UCC matters, equity and debt structures, taxes, executive compensation, employee benefits, environmental law, and natural gas regulation* Community Legal Aid Society, Dover, DelawareStaff AttorneyFirst chair representation of clients at trials, administrative hearings, and appeals. Handled full caseload involving federal and state statutory and regulatory issues in consumer, family, housing, and government benefits mattersEDUCATIONM.S.E.The Johns Hopkins University - Baltimore, MD 1988 to Present￼J.D.Boston University School of Law - Boston, MA