Alma HernandezAllen, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Alma-Hernandez/dc22346670b75a92WORK EXPERIENCEAssistant Attorney GeneralTexas Attorney General - Dallas, TXResponsibilitiesAssisted in the investigation and prepared for prosecution in Federal court cases related to Medicare and Medicaid fraud. As part of the State of Texas Medicaid Fraud Control Unit, as an Assistant Attorney General, I oversaw the investigation of white collar fraud related to health care fraud committed by providers and members of the Medicare and Medicaid programs. I worked along side agents from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Federal Bureau of Investigation, and Texas AG's Medicaid Fraud Control Unit in the investigation of health care fraud committed by medical providers.- Fluent Spanish and English speaker, reader and writer- Proficient with MS Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Chrome, Internet Explorer, Lexis- Nexis, social media outlets and Apple mobile technology.- Excellent, friendly, sympathetic and patient customer service- Experience writing persuasive correspondence, and official office memos and emails- Excellent telephone skills; typing 40+ wpm and 10-key- Excellent organizational skills, attention to detail, highly motivated, self-starter- Experience handling large workload and increased stressful situations- Experience conducting interviews and counseling sessions- Unafraid of public speaking and class-type presentations- Organized, reliable, responsible and responsiveSupervisorTexas Department of Criminal Justice - Huntsville, TX - July 2011 to June 2012ResponsibilitiesAppellate attorney, trial attorney (TX civil court) and supervisor. Wrote appellate briefs, responses and petitions for review, writs of mandamus and habeas, also a civil commitment defense attorney, advocated and litigated in defense of clients facing civil commitment, conducted depositions, witness interviews, writes and argues motions, present opening statement and closing arguments, etc. Supervisor in charge of 6 employees.Judge Advocate GeneralU.S. Army - Worldwide - August 2002 to September 2010Soldier supervisor. Offered excellent costumer service, wrote persuasive letters and memorandums of opinion, made telephone calls on behalf of clients, and represented junior soldiers in hearings. Supervised over 50 persons in the course of 8 years.Accomplishments:Bronze Star MedalDeployed In support of Operation Iraqi Freedom Held Top Secret & Secret clearance￼EDUCATIONBA in CommunicationsUniversity of Central Florida - Orlando, FL 1990 to 1994SKILLSProficient In Microsoft Word Proficient In Microsoft Office Type 60 WpmInternet Research Lexis-NexisPublic SpeakingLegal ResearchAdvocacyFluent In English And Spanish PowerpointOutlookExcelChromeInternet Explorer Interviewing Interpersonal Skills Telephone EtiquetteLINKS https://www.linkedin.com/hp/?dnr=1JaouD8AusC6ksOO1-KouEKRUnFrKMduJ4UW￼