April HolleyDeputy District Attorney - Orange County District Attorney's OfficeIrvine, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/April-Holley/c60941cc3325e63bWORK EXPERIENCEDeputy District AttorneyOrange County District Attorney's Office - Orange, CA - January 2015 to Present92868Supervisor: Sonia Balleste, 714-745-5368-As part of my Trial Advocacy LL.M. program, participated in a 15-week court residency with the Juvenile Branch of the District Attorney's Office.-Represented the Orange County District Attorney in the criminal prosecution of juvenile misdemeanors via bench trials, motions, pleas, and hearings.-Read and evaluated investigative reports submitted by law enforcement agencies, using judgment to decide on how best to proceed in a given matter.-Gained extensive negotiating and communication skills in the courtroom.-Conducted additional investigation as necessary to competently prosecute actions in court.-Prepared and presented evidence in court, making both legal and factual arguments.-Collaborated with both probation officers and defense counsel to determine the best and most appropriate actions when handling repeat juvenile offenders.-Investigated, prepared, and prosecuted misdemeanor cases.-Researched the relevant laws and codes for each case.-Advised and counseled civilians and police officer witnesses in preparation for trials and probation violation hearings.-Analyzed offenders' case files to determine appropriate punishment/rehabilitation to offer during plea negotiations.-Negotiated with defense attorneys regarding plea agreements.LL.M. Student AttorneyChapman University - Anaheim, CA - August 2014 to December 201492805Supervisor: Wendy Seiden, 714-628-2636-Interviewed and advised clients in preparation for protection order hearings.￼-Conducted legal research for clients' needs regarding protection orders and set-aside motions.-Worked independently preparing court documents, such as subpoenas, legal briefs, and declarations for protection order and set-aside hearings.-Provided legal advice to clients on matters relating to court-ordered weekly family visitations.-Advocated for clients in protection order set-aside hearing in Family Court.Rule 38 InternCity of Glendale Prosecutor's Office - Glendale, AZ - August 2012 to December 201285301Supervisor: Rob Walecki, 623-930-3475-Conducted arraignments for criminal offenses such as misdemeanor DUIs, theft, suspended license, disorderly conduct, and domestic violence.-Discussed possible penalties and negotiated plea agreements with pro se defendants.-Reviewed police reports, analyzed facts, and identified relevant issues to determine if probable cause existed to prosecute.-Interviewed victims and other potential witnesses.-Drafted plea agreements for upcoming pre-trial conferences.-Reviewed and analyzed police reports for possible re-filing of previously rejected cases.Legal InternState Bar of Arizona - Phoenix, AZ - June 2012 to August 20124201 N. 24th St, #100, Phoenix, Arizona 85016 Supervisor: Roberta Tepper, 602-716-9249-Reviewed investigative reports and correspondence to determine validity and seriousness of client claims against attorneys.-Assisted Lawyer Regulation department in drafting investigative reports to be used for attorney disciplinary action.-Researched ethical rules and analyzed dated ethical opinions compared to more current opinions to determine if dated opinions were still valid or if they had been subsequently reversed.-Assisted with reviewing and editing Disaster Plan for attorneys, a resource to be used for Arizona attorneys in the event of a natural disasterStudent WorkerPhoenix School of Law - Phoenix, AZ - March 2012 to June 2012 85004Supervisor: Jacquelyn Elser, 602-682-6878-As part of the Spring 2012 work study program, assisted the Center for Professional Development with ongoing tasks.-Researched new internship opportunities for students with local municipalities, state organizations, and private industries.-Compiled job opportunities for upcoming and recent graduates for biweekly job listing newsletter.-Followed up with law firms that previously held on-campus interviews for summer positions about offering the same opportunities to students again.-Contacted federal, state, and local judges in the Phoenix area regarding future clerkship opportunities for upcoming graduates.-Maintained current job postings on the Center for Professional Development Career website.-Analyzed student records to determine if pro bono requirements had been met for graduation.Financial Aid OfficerVirginia College - Hoover, AL - April 2009 to August 201035244Supervisor: Nichole Booker, 888-827-7770-Assisted students and parents with the financial aid process, such as mentoring candidates applying for a Federal Aid PIN and the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) application.-Consistently completed financial aid packages for student ahead of required deadlines.-Trained new employees in the regulations and requirement necessary for the federal financial aid application.-Assisted students with organizing tax documents and reporting correct tax information in order to complete applications before the required deadlines.-Provided information on available programs, procedures, and eligibility requirements.-Provided scholarship resources to students and explained alternative methods of funding education.-Reviewed financial aid applications and related documentation for compliance with federal eligibility requirements.-Reviewed peers' prepared financial aid packages for compliance with Federal Aid guidelines and gave feedback regarding corrections necessary for compliance.Finance RepresentativeConference America - Montgomery, AL - October 2006 to April 200936117Supervisor: Gwen Brown Pirnie, 334-323-9999-Processed accounts payable, organized billing statements from company vendors and sought approval from CFO to cut checks for vendors.-Exceed monthly accounts payable goals on a regular basis by collecting on past due accounts.-Assisted customers with any questions about billing statements or pricing information.-Investigated and problem-solved when issues arose with customer billing statements.-Prepared monthly/weekly billing statements and processed credit card payments.-Followed up with customers, reducing amount of past due accounts.-Spear headed company fundraisers for yearly charity event.-Trained new employees in Great Plains accounting software.EDUCATIONLL.M. in Trial AdvocacyChapman University, Fowler School of Law - Orange, CA August 2014 to May 2015