Chelsea Halpine-Berger Workers' Compensation Defense AttorneySan Diego, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Chelsea-Halpine-Berger/1ba6368a900d0ae6WORK EXPERIENCEWorkers' Compensation Defense AttorneyHeggeness, Sweet, Simington & Patrico - San Diego, CA - January 2015 to February 2015San Diego, CA January 2015-February 2015Workers' Compensation Defense Attorney: Assisted partners with client correspondence, trial preparation, medical recordsreviews, file reviews and plans of action. Prepared and walked through Stipulations and Compromises and Releases at the Workers' Compensation Appeals Board. Became familiar with dictation and billing.Berkshire Hathaway Homestate Companies - San Diego, CA - July 2014 to January 2015Claims Professional: Ensure compliance with applicable legal and internal standards. Calculate and pay indemnity benefits.Determine the settlement value of claims and negotiate claim settlements. Conduct and direct the investigation of reported claims to determine compensability and severity. Ensure that the actions of all other professionals involved inmanaging a claim, including attorneys, nurse case managers, and investigators, are coordinated to achieve a successfulresolution of the claim.Law ClerkThorsnes Bartolotta McGuire - San Diego, CA - May 2012 to June 2014Assisted associates and partners with varied civil litigation practice including medical malpractice, catastrophic personal injury, business and contract disputes, land use and planning, and eminent domain/inverse condemnation.Ø• Performed potential client intakes and provided case evaluation to attorneys.Ø• Summarized and attended depositions, participated in client preparation.Ø• Drafted a wide range of legal documents, including pleadings, briefs, motions, and memoranda of law. Ø• Researched and analyzed claims and legal issues; presented research for attorneys and partners.Ø• Propounded and responded to discovery.Law ClerkDepartment of Child Support Services - San Diego, CA - January 2012 to May 2012Performed legal research and case preparation for County Program Attorneys. Participated in stipulations and Meet and Confer process.Certified Law ClerkVeteran's Village of San - San Diego, CA - August 2011 to December 2011Provided pro bono legal services relating to family law to the residents of the Veteran's Village of SanDiego. Completed Dissolutions of Marriage, Orders to Show Cause and resolved complex custody issues. Appeared in court on behalf of clients for family law issues.￼EDUCATIONJuris DoctorThomas Jefferson School of Law - San Diego, CA May 2013ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONØ• Highly organized and self-sufficient, with an eye for detail and accuracy.Ø• Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to handle a wide variety of complex and confidential matters with diplomacy, good judgment, and tact.SKILLS AND CERTIFICATIONSØ• Member of the State Bar of California, License Number 298527