Claudi Landor Concepción LawyerTrujillo Alto, PR - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Claudi-Landor-Concepcion/bbd51dfa61f19228WORK EXPERIENCELawyerLorenzo Roman law Office - Humacao, Puerto Rico, USProvide Legal representation and orientation in all civil proceedings. • Legal Assistant ClinicPontifical University of Puerto Rico(Las Americas Avenue 546 Ponce, Puerto Rico)Legal orientation and litigation in Civil and Criminal Law proceedings. • Grievance OfficerCorrectional Services Corporation, Inc.(Monagas Park Avenue, Bayamon Puerto Rico)Institution facilitator. Conduct internal investigations and respond to allegations of grievances in a juvenile maximum-security institution.Puerto Rico Office of Youth AffairsGovernor's Office - Ponce, PRProgram DirectorOversee and direct federal funds program Casa de la Juventud in Ponce. This reaches out to the community, pursuing the reduction of youth crime, violence and school leavers. Ensure training, orientation and supervision to the Program professional staff.• Juvenile Justice Program(Calle San José #252 San Juan, Puerto Rico)SupervisorOversee, direct, deliver and ensure all Juvenile Justice Federal Program activities. Redact and submit periodic proposals reports. Supervised professional staff. Responsible of complying data of detained juvenile offender from the seven Police Districts of Puerto Rico.• Juvempleo ProgramSupervisorResponsible with the recruiting, developing, training, and mentoring of university students to integrate them into the six-month program of professional internship. Responsible to develop collaborative agreements with governmental agencies, municipalities, profit and non-profit organizations.Skills:• Computer Literate.• Expert PowerPoint presentation skills.• As a Legal Consultant, help the Organization to comply with all federal and state laws, adhering to the legal rules and regulations.• Provide development guidance and assist in the identification, implementation and maintenance of the organization management and administration.￼• Ensures that Human Resources department and hiring managers comply with employment laws and equal employment opportunities initiatives.• Establish and administered a process for receiving, documenting, tracking, investigating and taking action on all complaints concerning the welfare of the organization.• Approved course management Office of Human Resources of Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.Public Relations in Institutional CrisisGovernmental EthicsRegulations and Study Case.Basic Supervision Management.Advance Supervision Management.Supervision in a Labor Union Organization.National Employment Law Regulations.Public Relations in Institutional Crisis,Emotional Intelligence apply to Leadership Management, Motivation and Formation of Task Force.EDUCATIONBachelors in ArtsAmerican University of Puerto Rico, Metropolitan Campus - Cupey, PR 1996Juris DoctorPontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico School of Law - Ponce, PRMaster in ArtsAmerican University of Puerto Rico, Metropolitan Campus - Cupey, PR