Daniel JacobsAttorney - Law Offices of Daniel L. JacobsBroadview Heights, OH - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Daniel-Jacobs/0960d9b78e349007WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyLaw Offices of Daniel L. Jacobs - Cleveland, OH - May 2013 to PresentMember of both the Westshore and Cuyahoga Metropolitan Bar Associations. Experience with due diligence document review, pretrial discovery, EEOC investigation process, writing briefs and motions, taking depositions; collections, preparing articles of incorporation, drafting wills and trusts, contract drafting and review, probation and bond hearings, juvenile delinquency proceedings, DUI and OWI proceedings, child custody hearings and termination of parental rights hearings.Contract Attorney with Major Legal Services. Key Bank-presentPerforming online research related to bankruptcy filings and to understand financial data. Working with company manager and outside counsel regarding creditors' rights issuesContract AttorneyLaw Offices of Daniel L. Jacobs - January 2015 to March 2015Worked as a contracted attorney within Cavitich's litigation department. Assisted the law firm with legal research, pretrial discovery, and other legal needs as necessary.Contract AttorneyLaw Offices of Daniel L. Jacobs - May 2014 to October 2014Worked on attorney decommission team and assisted with the winding up process of Ben Venue Laboratories. Assisted the legal department with a paper due diligence review to redact both confidential business and privileged legal documents.Law ClerkLaw Offices of Daniel L. Jacobs - January 2014 to April 2014Volunteered as a law clerk for Judge Calabrese. Researched case law and wrote bench memorandum that advised the judge on both sides of a case before her court.Volunteer AttorneyLaw Offices of Daniel L. Jacobs - Ann Arbor, MI - June 2013 to December 2013Advocated for indigent clients and attempted to achieve the best resolution for the client. Negotiated with Prosecutors and Probation/Parole Agents on the client's behalf. Researched case law using both LexisNexis and Westlaw and wrote briefs, motions and pleadings on client's behalf.Student AttorneyLaw Offices of Daniel L. Jacobs - Ann Arbor, MI - September 2012 to December 2012Practiced law under Michigan Court Rule 8.120. Appeared in court under the supervision of an assistant public defender and with the approval of the judge. Interviewed, counseled and represented indigent defendants charged with misdemeanors and felonies. Researched case law using both LexisNexis and Westlaw for Supervising Attorney to be used in briefs, motions, and pleadings.￼InternState Appellate Defenders Office - Detroit, MI - May 2011 to August 2011Researched files and wrote opinion briefs on whether there we're issue of appeal for indigent prisoners.InternKeyGroup - Pittsburgh, PA - January 2010 to May 2010Created and distributed client surveys and wrote press releases regarding company news; worked on projects involving Microsoft Word, Powerpoint and Excel to help market and advertise new client's products; assisted in other office duties as required.EDUCATIONJuris DoctorWestern Michigan University-Cooley Law School 2013Bachelor of Arts in MarketingWallace University 2010MBA in Human ResourcesConcordia University