David Schwartz Consulting Attorney - T-MobileSeattle, WA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/David-Schwartz/d51082fe73ed9a4eWORK EXPERIENCEConsulting AttorneyT-Mobile - Seattle, WA - 2007 to PresentMajor clients include T-Mobile, USA and Amazon.comAs contract attorney at T-Mobile:• Currently negotiating roaming agreements with wireless providers worldwide.• Performed due diligence relating to Sprint's proposed acquisition of T-Mobile.• Provided guidance on all aspects of integration of $2.3B acquisition of SunCom Wireless Holdings.• Drafted and negotiated complex corporate transactional agreements, including company-critical service agreements, licenses of key technology and intellectual property, large-scale supply agreements with vendors, sales agreements and equipment purchase agreements.• Managed projects across diverse stakeholder groups, including worldwide business and legal teams. Provided general business counseling on day-to-day legal questions, including contract interpretation. Managed outside counsel, including enforcement of budget restrictions.As contract attorney at Amazon:• Responsible for the procurement of goods and services for the construction of Amazon's Seattle campus, including the successful negotiation of a $37M constructional materials contract.• Structured and negotiated commercial transactions, including procurement, product supply, distribution, service, promotional, content and licensing deals.• Provided day-to-day business law counseling.• Resolved legal issues arising from existing commercial relationships.Director, Global Legal ServicesExpeditors International - Seattle, WA - 2013 to 2014Reported directly to General Counsel of Fortune 500 provider of logistics and customs brokerage services. • Co-Led Transactional team responsible for all revenue-generating contracts.• Negotiated all of the company's software, hardware and related services agreements.• Advised C-Suite executives on ongoing negotiations, contract strategy and best practices.• Consulted on internal cloud, privacy and social media policies.Senior Contracting Manager, Law and Corporate Affairs GroupT-Mobile - Redmond, WA - 2011 to 2013Responsible for all contracts for Global Outsourcing Group's $600M annual spend on outsourced call center services.• Negotiated master agreements with vendors and reviewed material changes sought by vendors.• Drove major initiatives including creation of new master agreement templates.• Consulted on strategy decisions regarding direction of business and vendor consolidation.• Served as point of contact for inquiries regarding corporation-wide policies and procedures such as branding questions and co-employment issues.￼Senior Attorney & Assistant SecretaryAT&T Corp - Bedminster, NJ - 2000 to 2006Lead attorney on corporate matters and transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, ventures and investments.• Directly supported/advised heads of strategy and corporate development and business unit CEOs.• Negotiated and closed $300M vendor financing with Cisco Systems, Nortel Networks and Lucent.• Structured and negotiated sale of $81.5M National Payphone Markets business to strategic buyer.• Purchased $140M DSL network and related assets from a seller in bankruptcy proceedings.• Negotiated series of asset swaps between AT&T Corp. and AT&T Broadband in connection with merger of AT&T Broadband into Comcast Corporation.Senior AssociateBaker & McKenzie - New York, NY - 1997 to 2000AssociatePepper Hamilton & Scheetz - Philadelphia, PA - 1994 to 1997Representative Law Firm Experience:• General Corporate: Drafted and negotiated complex corporate transactional agreements, including company- critical service agreements, licenses of key technology and intellectual property, large-scale supply/ procurement agreements with vendors and equipment purchase agreements. Prepared corporate presentation for $800M lawsuit heard before the U.S. - Iran Court of Claims. Designed and negotiated indemnity agreements for use in fifty countries for international insurance company. Provided general counsel to emerging businesses.• Mergers and Acquisitions: Represented targets and purchasers in mergers and stock and asset-purchase transactions. Lead attorney on corporate matters and transactions, including divestitures, ventures and investments. Supervised and performed due diligence, with an emphasis on mission-critical agreements.• Venture Capital/Private Equity: Drafted, negotiated and closed private-placement term sheets and financing documents, including stock terms and securities purchase registration rights, voting, and management-rights agreements.EDUCATIONJ.D.University at Buffalo School of LawB.A. in Economics/HistoryUniversity of Pennsylvania - New York, NYLINKS http://www.linkedin.com/in/daveschwartzprofile￼