Denise DalaklisFOUNDING AND MANAGING ATTORNEY - Denise M. Dalaklis, Attorney At LawBillerica, MA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Denise-Dalaklis/b552f2776d7b86eaWORK EXPERIENCEFOUNDING AND MANAGING ATTORNEYDenise M. Dalaklis, Attorney At Law - Andover, MA - September 2009 to PresentRepresent clients in a general practice setting, mostly in the areas of: Estate Planning, Personal Injury, Real Estate and Collections.• Handle personal injury cases; request and review medical documentation; draft demand letters under Massachusetts General Laws Chapter 93A, negotiate with insurance agents and settle claims.• Draft wills, advance directives, health care proxies, powers of attorney, property deeds, and homesteads.• Conduct debt collection negotiations, including; drafting and filing of mechanics liens, dissolution of liens, settlement agreement contracts, negotiation of mortgage terms, drafting of mortgage document, and drafting of service and installment contracts.ADMISSIONS OFFICERMassachusetts School of Law - Andover, MA - May 2004 to January 2014Conducted personal interviews of candidates for law school and prepared detailed reports and admission recommendations based on the assessment of each candidate.• Maintained and organized candidate files.• Counseled students on scheduling matters, study habits and study techniques.• Managed open house events, devised marketing techniques to attract new students and increase open house event attendance.• Drafted and mailed acceptance and denial letters to applicants.• Assisted Registrar with student registration, written student correspondences, and filing of grades.• Maintained vendor relationships with the school's top recruitment colleges and universities, made arrangements to hold informational tables at those schools and to speak with pre-law organizations.• Represented the school at college and career fair events.• Appeared in the schools television commercial and multiple television productions.INSTRUCTOR OF PARALEGAL STUDIESThe Salter School - Tewksbury, MA - January 2007 to February 2009Instructed courses in Legal Research and Writing, Wills, Trusts and Estate Planning, Real Estate Law, Medical Law and Ethics, and Family Law.• Planned and executed creative lesson plans to compliment the course texts by use of relevant case law and hypothetical situations.• Created work sheets, quizzes, tests, course projects and final exams. Performed administrative duties; organized student portfolios, assessed student progress, assigned grades.• Assisted students with study habits and techniques.ASSOCIATE ATTORNEYLaw Office of Peter T. Marano - Boston, MA - March 2007 to December 2007Responsible for cases involving personal injury claims, consumer protection, and domestic relations.• Researched issues of law and drafted legal memorandum. Presented, negotiated and settled claims with insurance companies.￼• Appeared in court relating to child support modification; drafted and filed pre-trial memorandum, request for documentation, filed financial statement.LAW CLERKMassachusetts School of Law - North Andover, MA - April 2006 to December 2006Conducted legal research relating to Chapter 7 and 13 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.• Drafted complaints, answers, motions to avoid judicial lien, motion for summary judgment, fee agreements and client correspondences.• Advised lead counsel as to the validity of potential claims and counseled clients on the status of their existing claims.• Conducted office administrative duties; client communications, file organization, mailings.JUDICIAL LAW CLERKWoburn District Court - Woburn, MA - August 2004 to December 2004Law Clerk to Judge Marie Jackson; assisted Judge Jackson in all aspects of district court practice.• Researched and prepared drafts of judicial orders and judicial recommendations.• Attended oral arguments and pre-trial conferences, reviewed trial records.• Researched civil and criminal motions before the court and communicated regularly with judges, judicial clerks and trial attorneys.EDUCATIONJuris DoctorMASSACHUSETTS SCHOOL OF LAW - Andover, MA June 2005SKILLSThorough knowledge of MS Office SuiteADDITIONAL INFORMATIONPROBONO EXPERIENCEAccept wills and estate planning cases from Merrimack Valley Legal Services.