Diana McparlanAttorney - Birchler, Fitzhugh, Purtell & Madziar, PLCLinwood, MI - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Diana-Mcparlan/cef852d680817741Dedicated and technically skilled professional who is detailed oriented and result driven. Looking to obtain a position where I can utilize my sales experience and management background to assist with the growth of a business/organization. Have over 10 years of office administration, management and customer service experience, including the supervision of various client matters and group projects and over 3 years of sales experience in the insurance field.WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyBirchler, Fitzhugh, Purtell & Madziar, PLC - Bay City, MI - 2014 to PresentStarted at the firm as an attorney working on a contractual basis; Assisted the partners on various files involving creditor's rights, bankruptcy stay issues, and landlord/tenant actions; Primarily worked on several legal research projects concerning a variety of issues in bankruptcy and general contract law; Assisted clients with probate matters, family law matters, contract disputes and rental agreements.General CounselSchmidt Industries, Inc - Bay City, MI - 2011 to 2014Successfully opposed several unemployment claims and negotiated a lower tax rate; Negotiated a larger settlement on an eminent domain taking; Handled MIOSHA issues; Drafted several real estate documents; Negotiated settlement for workers compensation case and handled all collection matters for the company.AttorneyDavis Legal Advocates, PLC - Lowell, MI - 2009 to 2011Worked as a Contract Attorney for a small firm whose practice was primarily bankruptcy law. Through my hard work and broader vision, I helped the firm expand from a single platform firm to a firm offering legal services in the areas of Bankruptcy, Debt Negotiations, Estate Planning, Non-Contested Divorces and Criminal Law. I also handled all calendaring of meetings and hearings, document production to trustees, and analytical review of client financial documents. I was the first point of contact for clients, prepared correspondences and memos for various client matters and maintained all client files.Agency OwnerStenger & Stenger, P.C - Walker, MI - 2006 to 2008Owned and operated a full service insurance agency that I started from scratch and grew to a book of 15,000+ policies in the first two years of operation. I created and executed various processes to analyze the growth of the business. I achieved all corporate goals set for a startup agency in its first and second years of operation and I was awarded the top level of bonuses. I directed support staff and oversaw all customer service issues, processing of applications and treatment of claims. I also performed all accounting and payroll duties and trained support staff on various software programs and sales techniques.Office ManagerStenger & Stenger, P.C - 2002 to 2008I started with the firm as a paralegal and was promoted to Associate Attorney with my main area of practice being SEC Enforcement Actions. Through the SEC Enforcement Actions, I managed and liquidated several￼domestic and foreign businesses, handled the accounts receivable and payable for various businesses seized through the lawsuits, audited accounting records for domestic and foreign businesses, planned and organized several investor meetings, developed and administered investor claims procedures, supervised all communications with investors, attorneys and the SEC, and investigated insider trading claims. I developed various databases and implemented several processes to track investor claims and creditor claims leading to a more efficient claims administration that was relied upon in other lawsuits.Because of my dedication and unwavering commitment to achieve success, I was entrusted with managerial responsibilities and confidential information. My additional responsibilities included recruiting, training, and directing support staff, performance reviews for support staff, recruiting and hiring associate attorneys, coordinating professional development opportunities, client development, researching and integrating new software programs and billing procedures, training office personnel on new software products, and updating and maintaining firm website, library products and office equipment. I developed various databases to track billable hours, administrative hours, and benefits, which were used for employee evaluations, raises and quarterly bonuses. I also created databases to track client hours as well as other statistical information resulting in the implementation of more efficient procedures, the growth of the firm by 300%, association with other national firms and government agencies, and higher earnings for the firm.AttorneyStenger & Stenger, P.C - 2000 to 2008Stenger & Stenger, P.C - Grand Rapids, MI - 1998 to 2008ParalegalStenger & Stenger, P.C - 1998 to 2000EDUCATIONJuris DoctorThomas M. Cooley Law School - Lansing, MI 1998B.S. in Political Science & CommunicationsWestern Michigan University - Kalamazoo, MI 1993ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONKey SkillsOffice ManagementClient Development & Management Teambuilding & SupervisionStaff Development & Training Policies & Procedures ManualsExcellent Communication Skills Exceptional Organizational Skills Outstanding Analytical Skills Strong Problem Solving Skills Remarkable Sales SkillsDetailed OrientedReport & Document Preparation Spreadsheet & Database Creation Accounts Payable/Receivable Meeting & Event Planning