Edwin ElordeVolunteer Lawyer/ Supervising Lawyer - Xavier University CenterCrownpoint, NM - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Edwin-Elorde/2def065ddf265ceeTo work in a law firm where I can impart my legal knowledge and experience and be a part of a team that can impact people's lives in the community.WORK EXPERIENCEVolunteer Lawyer/ Supervising LawyerXavier University Center - June 2005 to Presentfor Legal Assistance (XUCLA)Clinical Legal Education Program (CLEP)Cagayan de Oro City Philippines from June 2005 until presentSenior AssociateSan Jose Tagarda & Yap Law Firm - San Jose, CA - October 2012 to June 2013Copier OperatorDocument Scanner - Baltimore, MD - June 2008 to June 2009Food Service AssociateRoyal Farms - Pikesville, MD - May 2008 to June 2008Private Practitioner /PartnerTagarda Awayan Lugsanay Elorde & Associates Law Firm - May 2005 to November 2007Lecturer/CoordinatorTagarda Awayan Lugsanay Elorde & Associates Law Firm - 2006 to 2006 2006 Bar Examination ReviewEconomics and History TeacherCorpus Christi High School - June 1999 to March 2004 from October 2004 to March 2005EDUCATIONCertificate in ParalegalU.S. Career Institute July 2012Bachelor of LawsXavier University-Ateneo March 2004Bachelor of Arts in EconomicsXavier University-Ateneo March 1998￼Mis. Or. Gen. Comp. High School March 1995ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: Handled criminal, civil and administrative cases; Represented clients in Court proceedings; Represented candidates for provincial election during canvassing; Drafted legal documents such as contracts, Articles of Incorporation and Partnership, Memorandums, Trial Briefs, Case Research, etc.; Handled consultancy works with Private corporation and Foundation;: Handled legal affairs of the Local Government Unit; Reviewed, Drafted and Redrafted any legal document/ s made and received by the LGU: Advised the Mayor and his staff on all legal issues that arose or may arise in relation to their duties as public officials;: Managed the successful election campaign of congressional candidate; Handled and trained the Legal Team assigned to several local government units;: Taught Principles of Economics, World History and Asian History; Trained and coached members of Corpus Christi's Debating Circle as Moderator; Supervised Agro-Industrial Fair Steering Committee; Mentored a class of 35 to 40 students.: Lectured and tutored bar candidates on Legal Forms, Rights of the Accused and selected Criminal Law provisions and special laws for Juris Review Center in preparation of the Philippine Bar Examinations; Coordinated schedules, administered Mock Bar Examination and facilitated discussions and prepared suggested answers.: Supervised a group of seven (7) to twelve (12) Senior Law students for Clinical Legal Education Program of Xavier University College of Law in handling actual pro bono cases; Managed and supervised free legal counseling to indigent clients.: Performed litigation scanning to produce digital copies of litigation documents; Printed and organized hard copies of litigation documents for archiving.