Heidi Dudderar AttorneyRossmoor, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Heidi-Dudderar/20bf1379470458e0WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyLaw Offices of Heidi E. Dudderar, P.C - 2006 to 2012 Leonardtown, Maryland• Private practitioner representing clients in the areas of real property and zoning,corporate governance, transactional matters, trust and estate planning and administration, regulatory compliance, family law, and general and appellatelitigation.• Represented employers in EEO matters, from EEOC hearings to federal appellatecourt.• Real estate transactions and settlements, including title examination and resolution of complex title issues. • Negotiated and wrote business acquisition agreements, licensing and franchiseagreements, employment contracts, severance agreements, deeds, wills, trusts and other transactional documents.• Managed executive and administrative operation of law firm.Deputy County AttorneySt. Mary's County Government - Leonardtown, MD - 2003 to 2006Provided advice and direction to all county departments, boards and commissions in the areas of public law and governance, employment law, procurement and contract law, zoning law, and Federal and state regulations and mandates.• Supervised County's Real Property Manager and managed real estate acquisition,oversight, valuation and development of significant property holdings.• Worked with Human Resources Department to resolve employee grievances and train managers in employment law and processes.• Counsel to Employee Appeals Board, Zoning Appeals Board, PlanningCommission and other county commissions and boards.• Revised County employee handbook and wrote employment policies.• Managed department staff and prepared budget.• Negotiated, wrote and implemented RFPs and complex procurement contracts.• Approved grant applications and agreements, bonds, letters of credit, and permits.• Legislative liaison to the Maryland General Assembly.AttorneyDugan, McKissick & Longmore, LLC - Lexington Park, MD - 2002 to 2003Real estate settlements, title examinations, and resolution of title issues.• Private practitioner representing clients in matters relating to transactionalmatters, employment, land use, zoning, estates and trusts, family law, torts, and collections. • General and appellate litigation.Senior Policy Analyst & Legislative Counsel￼Maryland General Assembly - Annapolis, MD - 1999 to 2002 Annapolis, Maryland• Advised budget committees on local capital projects, providing opinions regarding phasing and structuring of millions of dollars of State funding.• Committee Counsel to the House Ways and Means Committee.• Counsel to the Joint Committee on Legislative Ethics.• Staff Counsel to the Commission on Education Finance, Equity, and Excellence. • Researched and wrote legislation and advised legislators regarding initiatives.• Frequently made oral and written presentations to committees and commissions.Judicial Law ClerkHonorable Marjorie L. Clagett - 1998 to 1999 Circuit Court for Calvert County, Maryland• Wrote opinions and orders in criminal and civil matters. • Researched pending cases and coordinated docket.• Recommendations to judge on disposition of cases.EDUCATIONJuris Doctor in LawUniversity of Baltimore School of Law - Baltimore, MD 1995 to 1998Bachelor of Science in Political ScienceJames Madison University - Harrisonburg, VA 1995CERTIFICATIONSBar Admission, CaliforniaSeptember 2013 to PresentBar Admission, MarylandDecember 1998 to Present