Ioanna KalogeropoulouLegal Services, lawyer - Law office of IOANNA KALOGEROPOULOUGreece, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ioanna-Kalogeropoulou/b72b3944c7ee54fdEight years educational and professional experience in law. I am highly motivated and result oriented, committed and strongly passionate about my work. I enjoy being involved in challenging tasks and thrive in a team environment where responsibility and opinions are valued and the people work well together but manage to retain their individuality and self- motivation. My ideal employer must have a no holds barred philosophy and foresight for the future.WORK EXPERIENCELegal Services, lawyerLaw office of IOANNA KALOGEROPOULOU - January 2012 to PresentWorking with my own cases, writing suits, appearance in courts.* Working as creative assistant and legal advisor to my father's company. I am working to my father's printing company from October 2012 until now, and also I have my own law officeFaculty of Law - Department of international Studies - SEMINAR ON INTERNATIONAL LAWUniversity of Athens - Αθήνα - 2012 to 2013Winter Semester 2012-2013)Law traineeLaw Office of Y.ANTONIADIS - G.BOUBARIS- E.PAPAIOANNOU - February 2012 to July 2012After the end of trainee I worked as junior law assistant. I worked as legal assistant and experienced in writing law suits, making contracts, communication with clients, appearance at courts. A leading law firm in Athens, Greece, where I have successfully completed my legal training and worked as junior assistant. During my legal training, I dealt comprehensively with many different issues in the fields of civil, criminal and trade law. I was also responsible for preparation of cases, drafting and vetting of pleadings and I actively participated in several trials. After my training period at this firm, I worked as a lawyer from February 2012 to July 2012.lawyer junior assistantLaw Office of Y.ANTONIADIS - G.BOUBARIS- E.PAPAIOANNOU - Αθήνα - April 2010 to July 2012 Law trainee, practise in law matters and casesLaw office of Eleni Gklegkle - Antiopos Selianitis & Partners - September 2009 to October 2010A leading law firm in Kolonaki, Athens, where I had a pre- practice and then my legal training. During my legal training in this law firm, I dealt comprehensively and with commitment and passionate to many different issues especially in the fields of family, criminal and trade law. I was also responsible for dealing up with the clients and for the preparation of cases, drafting and I actively participated in several trials and meetings.Ass't Professor Maria GavouneliIV. State - September 2005 to May 2010September 2005 - May 2010 (CERTIFICATE OF ATTENDANCE. I Attended the following sessions: I. The structure of international lawII. The State and the international community.￼III. The State and the individual. IV. State responsibility.V. Settlement of disputes.VI. Climate changeVII. Sovereign debtVIII. Migration and asylum IX. Environmental refugees X. Putting it all togetherAss't Professor Maria Gavouneli• University of Thrace - law studies (GREECE) Diploma/ Ptyhio (LL.B-Honours) in Law (rated: very good) Student in the Faculty of Law: School of Law at the above mentioned University. I gratuaded with high grades. During my undergraduate studies I undertook a series of collaborative and individual assessments.Student5th Secondary School - Πετρούπολη - September 2002 to June 2005 in Petroupoli-Athens, GreeceHigh School Certificate (rate: Excellent)Graduated at first rank and was always an excellent student. I was taught, among other subjects, history, ancient Greek, Latin and Biology and I took excellent grades in these fields. I also took a scholarship for my excellent grades at the last class.EDUCATIONlaw studiesUniversity of ThraceADDITIONAL INFORMATION PERSONAL SKILLSDiploma of guitar and in the general theory of classic music.Seminars: 3 months seminar for the procedure in the Criminal trial.Communication skills * good communication skills gained through my experience as lawyer. Also, ability to adapt to different circumstancesOrganisational / managerial skills* Leadership, loyalty, ability to take quick and right decisions on right time. Preparing the daily schedule, making plans for each employee or partner.Job-related skills* good command of quality control processes (currently responsible for quality audit), loyalty and devotion to my work and to whom I am working for. Creativity and vision for personal development through my work and my personality.Computer skills * Computer literate- Certificate of ECDL diploma at the units of Windows, Word, Excell, Power Point and Internet.Other skills* Cooking, writing novels, strong physical activities with originals methods that helps body and mind to be healthy. Playing the guitar, cinephile, volunteer in organizationsReferences and/ or any other additional documents and information are available upon request.