Issa MikelIrvine, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Issa-Mikel/2db73497fe8e0e26WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyLaw Office of Issa Mikel - Irvine, CA - November 2013 to PresentResponsibilities• Assist clients on a wide variety of commercial disputes, including contract disputes, corporate control disputes and related matters.• Leading securities litigation on behalf of purchasers of tenant-in-common interests in real estate for fraud and breach of contract.• Defending insurance carrier against cross-claims brought by former attorney-adversaries in malpractice and fraud suit.Associate AttorneyCozen O’Connor - Los Angeles, CA - May 2011 to November 2013• Managed complex litigation, including making court appearances, arguing motions, taking and defending depositions, leading mediations, drafting pleadings and briefs, managing discovery, and managing relationships with clients, co-counsel and opposing counsel. Managed large case teams of attorneys, paralegals, support staff and contract attorneys at all stages of litigation.• Represented a defendant in trade secrets litigation involving internet search engine optimization services. Won denial of anti-SLAPP motion filed in response to cross-complaint for defamation and settled on terms favorable to client.• Represented securities underwriter defendants in numerous securities class actions brought under California and federal law arising out of U.S. IPOs and private placements of international companies. Achieved dismissal on the pleadings in several cases and ultimately settled on terms extremely favorable to the client.• Represented marketer of women’s fashion in trademark infringement dispute. Settled on terms favorable to client.AssociatePaul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP - New York, NY - April 2008 to April 2011Extensive experience in diverse federal practice, including securities and corporate derivative defense, appellate practice, regulatory investigations, bankruptcy, arbitration and asylum.• Represented top private equity firm Thomas H. Lee Partners in $2 billion Securities Exchange Act and breach of fiduciary duty action. Co-authored briefs winning dismissal in District Court and affirmance in Second Circuit Court of Appeals. Second-chaired affirmative and defensive expert depositions.• Represented Citigroup in numerous multi-billion-dollar shareholder securities and derivative actions relating to mortgage-backed securities and auction rate securities, winning dismissal of most cases.￼• Took and defended depositions. Managed responses to SEC investigations of major banking clients.• Managed complex litigation discovery, including developing discovery strategies, drafting and responding to discovery requests, leading document production teams, and managing relationships with clients, opposing counsel and regulators.• Liaised with experts in developing strategy, drafting reports and preparing for depositions.• Handled multi-million-dollar arbitration arising out of real estate dispute, including preparing witnesses, second-chairing direct and cross examinations, preparing exhibits and assisting in the preparation of closing arguments.AssociateSimpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP - New York, NY - October 2005 to April 2007• Practice areas included: securities fraud, class action defense, internal investigations, appellate practice, ERISA and insurance coverage disputes.• Drafted pleadings and briefs. Managed complex litigation discovery, including developing discovery strategy, drafting and responding to discovery requests, leading document production teams, and managing relationships with clients and opposing counsel.• Conducted internal investigation into research analyst evaluation and compensation policies and practices for one of the world’s largest investment banks pursuant to major settlement with SEC, New York Attorney General, NASD and state regulators.• Handled multi-jurisdictional insurance coverage dispute for major insurance carrier involving numerous lead paint abatement class actions.AnalystThe Yankee Group - January 2001 to April 2001Monitored and analyzed telecommunications markets for Fortune 500 high technology clients.AnalystHarbor Research - February 2000 to January 2001Provided business strategy consulting and market sizing services for large corporations.EDUCATIONJuris DoctorColumbia University School of Law August 2002 to May 2005Master of Arts in Human Rights LawColumbia University - London August 1998 to June 1999Bachelor of ArtsBrandeis University August 1994 to June 1998ADDITIONAL INFORMATION BAR ADMISSIONS• California (2013).• New York (2006).• United States District Court for the Central District of California (2013).• United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (2007).• United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York (2007).PUBLICATIONS• ‘Trial by the Clock’: Has the Time Come?, THE LEGAL INTELLIGENCER (October 4, 2011), with Jeffrey Weil.• SEC’s First Free Pass Under Cooperation Program...but Don't Expect a Trend, NEW YORK LAW JOURNAL (June 12, 2012), with Joseph Dever.• Second Circuit Lowers Bar For Aider And Abettor Liability In SEC Enforcement Actions; Decision Furthers Agency’s Strategy to Bring More Aiding And Abetting Cases In Wake Of Janus (forthcoming), with Joseph Dever.AFFILIATIONS• Member, Orange County Bar Association