James DanielAttorney - The Law Office of Jamie L. HermanNashville, TN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/James-Daniel/6277f05a2659949aWORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyThe Law Office of Jamie L. Herman - Johnson City, TN - February 2012 to PresentMet with clients to evaluate case strength.Researched law to determine strengths/weaknesses of case. Drafted documents for use in case/filing with court.Kept financial records for firm/paid firm bills/debts.Prepared statements of hours and billing statements.AttorneyCharles & Associates - Johnson City, TN - November 2010 to June 2011Met with clients to evaluate case strength.Communicated with opposing side to negotiate.Researched law to determine strengths/weaknesses of case. Drafted documents for use in case/filing with court.Kept financial records for firm/pay firm bills/debts.Law ClerkKustoff & Stickland, PLLC - Memphis, TN - August 2008 to August 2009Met with clients to prepare depositions and pleading responses. Communicated with courts, parties, and attorneys for scheduling. Researched law to determine strengths/weaknesses of case. Drafted documents for use in case/filing with court.Maintained records for Guardianships of disabled veterans for firm.EDUCATIONJuris DoctorUniversity of Memphis - Cecil C. Humphreys School of Law - Memphis, TN December 2009Master of Business AdministrationUniversity of Tennessee at Martin - Martin, TN July 2004Bachelor of ArtsUniversity of Tennessee at Martin - Martin, TN May 2002SKILLSLegal experience￼• Probate and estate planning WillsTrustsTennCare administration GuardianshipsEstate tax preparation• Family lawAdoptionDivorceChild custody Prenuptial agreements Guardian ad Litem• Juvenile law Dependency and neglect DelinquencyGuardian ad Litem• MiscellaneousCopyright violation defense Contract preparation and reviewComputer Skills:• Linear programming and mathematic modeling using Excel.• Skilled using Windows operating systems from 3.1 to 8.• Proficiency using MS Word, PowerPoint, and Office generally. • Westlaw and Lexis Nexis - August 2006 - present• Fastcase - November 2010 - presentBusiness and management experience• Six Sigma• Time motion studies• Redesign inventory system to reduce space needs • Initiated paperless efforts• Keeping• Leading groups of 6-8 peopleADDITIONAL INFORMATIONLicenses and AwardsGiven "Outstanding Student Award", 2000, by Dr. Henry Parker, Professor of Philosophy and Religious Studies, University of Tennessee.Named "Faculty Scholar", 2004, by Dr. Mike McCullough, Professor of Graduate Management, University of Tennessee.Named to the National Dean's List: 2005 and 2006.