Jana Glasmann Sales ExecutiveLayton, UT - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jana-Glasmann/dc766e036e8dd86fI'm seeking a position which will help me utilize my sales/presentation skills, and increase my potential as an energetic, high volume sales associate. I am self motivated, well organized,self-reliant, very ambitious, assertive, a great team player with impressive interpersonal skills, communication skills and have a positive personality that's fun to be around in a working environment. I posses exceptional problem solving skills that promote team work and company growth.WORK EXPERIENCEAccount ExecutiveRocket Lawyer - Ogden, UT - April 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesCall on businesses and consumers and uncover their legal needs to sell them a Rocket Lawyer membership. Help business owners file for their incorporations.Build value to the member to increase their usage of their Rocket Lawyer account so that they continue renewing in the future.AccomplishmentsOnly employee in company history to exceed quota in the first month of employment. Top rep 8 of the past 12 months.First quarter 2015 exceeded daily quota every day. Hold company record for the most consecutive days over quota - 68 days. Prior record was 26 days.Member of Admirals Club 2014Skills UsedBuilding rapports and earning trust quickly. Extremely proficient follow up skills.Senior Account ExecutiveClearlink / Local Results - Salt Lake City, UT - March 2011 to April 2014Selling Local Search, Google Adwords & full SEO marketing to SMB owners in an outbound environment. Conduct business to business telephone sales. Contact new and existing customers to discuss how their needs could be met with specific products and services. Negotiated prices, terms of sales and service agreements.Account ExecutiveMarquette Equipment Finance - Salt Lake City, UT - July 2009 to March 2011Responsible for expanding book of business for a private bank. Developed relationships with C level executives from National private and public investment grade corporations. Responsible for prospecting, uncovering opportunities and structuring financing for capital purchases.Account ManagerMarlin Leasing - Salt Lake City, UT - January 2007 to July 2009Sold financing packages to both vendors and to end users. Responsible for transaction from application to funding - including cold calling and prospecting, deal structuring, follow up,negotiation and account￼management. Identified new equipment financing opportunities and gave exceptional service to existing clients. Built a book of business and grew that business at a 7% increase month over month.EDUCATIONWeber State University - Ogden, UT 1991 to 1993SKILLSRelationship selling, Strong lead development skills, Strong deal closer, Goal-oriented, Up-selling and consultative selling, Excellent negotiating tactics, Proven sales track record, Cold CallingADDITIONAL INFORMATIONEstablished 300+ new accounts in a single year (2012) through successful prospecting.Recipient of Salesperson of the Month Award in May 2011, December 2011, February 2012, August 2012, February 2013 and September 2013. Earned Top Performers Vegas Trip in [...] and 2013.