Job Seeker Lawyer- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/a4c1fe4a8620f5d4WORK EXPERIENCELawyerInstitutional Research Board, University of Rochester Medical Center - Rochester, NY - 2006 to 2009Policy-making, risk management, regulatory compliance, clinical health project coordinator or project manager position in corporate, medical center or academic research environment. RELATED SKILLS SUMMARY a Masteras Degree in Biology; extensive experience as medical researcher in medical center settings. a Lawyer with experience in biomedical patent prosecution (7 years); ethics, conflicts of interest, risk management and professional responsibility (3 years). a Knowledgeable about federal regulations governing human research subjects (45 CRF Part 46; 21 CFR Part 50 & Part 56) and Good Clinical Practices; current community volunteer member of biomedical Institutional Research Board, University of Rochester Medical Center, Rochester NY. a Currently pursuing Masters Degree in Bioethics and Health Policy through Loyola University Chicago. a Excellent project management and organizational skills; able to provide quality work product with minimal supervision in an atmosphere of multiple projects, shifting priorities, and tight deadlines. a Superior interpersonal and written communication skills, work well with personnel at all levels. a Proficient in Windows XP, Office 2003 and 2007; proven aptitude to learn new applications. OTHER PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Nixon Peabody, LLP Rochester NY Conflicts Attorney New Business and Conflict Services Department 2006-2009 a Accepted newly created position as first firm Conflicts and Ethics Attorney.Was hired to develop and implement new business intake process for large (800+ attorney) international law firm.Successfully rolled out new process in 18 months for 14 offices across two continents.Senior AssociateConflicts Attorneys - Rochester, NY - 2006 to 2006Participated in hiring and training three additional attorney-team members; doubled the technical support team and increased capabilities of group by introducing up-to-date computer technologies. a As part of specially trained team of Conflicts Attorneys, reviewed and analyzed potential new firm clients and matters for compliance with ethics rules in all 10 jurisdictions and three countries in which firm practiced.Drafted engagement letters and conflict of interest wavier letters as needed. a Worked directly with Firmas General Counsel and Loss Prevention Partners to resolve ethical and other risk management issues.Wrote ethics updates for Firm website. Nixon Peabody LLP, Rochester, NY Senior AssociateIntellectual Property Group 1999-2006 a Wrote and filed over 60 patent applications for corporate and academic clients.Prosecuted over 100 patents with U.S. Patent Office.Specialized in biomedical and biotechnology/genetic engineering patents for involving human and plant disease detection, treatment, and prevention. a Counseled clients on patent strategy; wrote patentability and validity/invalidity opinions; carried out interviews with patent examiners at U.S. Patent Office, Washington, D.C. City of Leeas Summit, Leeas Summit MOCoordinator, Recycling and Water ConservationPublic Works Dept - 1995 to 1996a Designed and conducted educational seminars for schools, businesses, and civic groups to promote recycling and water conservation.￼Left to attend law school. University of Kansas Medical Center, Kansas City, KSResearch AssociateDepartment of Microbiology - 1988 to 1995Molecular Genetics, and Immunology a Conducted cancer research using immunology and recombinant DNA technology to investigate mechanisms of tumor production at the molecular level. a Hired, trained, and supervised research technicians, maintained laboratory inventory, and coordinated maintenance for lab equipment. a Co-authored several peer-reviewed articles.(Publications list available upon request.) Washington University School of Medicine, St. Louis, MOResearch AssociateSt. Francis Hospital - Evanston, IL - 1981 to 1988EDUCATIONJ.D.University of Kansas School of Law - Lawrence, KS 2001ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSOFTWARE SKILLS Proficient in Windows XP, MS Office 2003 & 2007, MedLine, Lexis, West Law, U.S. Government sites, proprietary web-based programs.Proven aptitude to learn new applications.