Job Seeker AttorneyDenver, CO - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/ad8a231dac31ac0bSeeking a legal advisor or an Attorney, , position where I can use my bilingual, education qualifications, in Law and Business Administration, Computer and communication skills in a busy company to enhance customer support, and promote a positive company image in the field of law in highly accepted environment where you can provide the best to clients and who ever in need of my services. With ethics and integrity equipped with a good moral character.ADDRESS8370-E-Princeton Ave Denver-co-8023 PHONE-720-261-7170 Email-widadalton@yahoo.comWORK EXPERIENCEAttorney- 1984 to 2007While managing my own law firm some of our common practices are getting information, and making decisions and solving problems, resolving conflicts and negotiating with others. Evaluating information to determine compliance with standards. Communicating with persons outside organization. Organizing planning, And prioritizing work. Analyzing Data or information. Identifying objects, Actions, And Events. Interpreting the meaning of information for others. Establishing and maintaining interpersonal relationships. Communicating with associates, peers, clients. Processing information. Thinking Creatively. Updating and using relevant knowledge. Provide Consultation and advice to others. Judging The Qualities Of Things, Services, Or People. Developing Objectives And Strategies. Documenting/Recording Information. Scheduling work and activities. Coordinating the work and activities of others. Monitor Processes, Materials, Or Surroundings. Getting Information* Conducting interviews with clients to gather background information.* Collecting and analyzing facts.* Conducting case and statute research, understanding the law and staying up-to- date on changes in it.* Preparing correspondence, reports, agreements, pleadings and other documents that apply to the specific area of law involved.* Mange and direct companies in its different departments, and provide new methods and techniques in how to control supply chain and provide new areas of investments.* Organizing, filing, and maintaining case materials for prompt and easy access.* Interviewing and preparing witnesses for court appearances.* Preparing drafts of trial briefs, motions, complaints, wills, corporate formation, fictitious name forms, partnership agreements, contracts, family law pleadings, and real estate documents.* Providing title and public record searches and other documentation and records that are available in county and state agencies.* Conducting business with the police, other attorneys, insurance companies, governmental officials and agencies, and all levels of the court.Judge￼- 1979 to 1984Resigned voluntary 1984 upon application of laws that violates the basic human rights and contradicts my belief and conscious.EDUCATIONMBAColorado Technical University 1983Bachelor in lawCairo University -SCHOOL OF LAW-Khartoum 1975 to 1979