John Asmar ATTORNEY - SHAREHOLDERPensacola, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/John-Asmar/de91136fb2804896Civil Trial Attorney in Pensacola, Florida. Family has been an active member of the Pensacola Community for over 50 years. Created the Pensacola law firm in 2007. Prior to 2007, practiced Land Use, Governmental, Environmental, and Real Estate Law in Southwest Florida.In addition to experience in the legal field, over 14 years of professional experience in local government serving communities throughout the State of Florida as City Manager for the City of Homestead, Florida, Assistant City Manager for North Miami Beach, Florida, Administrator for Planning and Development Services for the City of Clearwater, Florida and Assistant County Administrator for Escambia County, Florida. More recently, served as Chief of Staff for the Mayor of the City of Pensacola [...] Florida transforming the City of Pensacola into a StrongMayor form of government.Experienced state and local legislative liaison representing private businesses, local governments and authorities, statewide organizations and individuals before local and state government. Frequent Speaker on various topics concerning local and statewide issues such as economic development, smart growth, sustainable communities, environmental protection, neighborhood services, crime prevention, community redevelopment, consumer protection and disaster recovery and relief.WORK EXPERIENCEATTORNEYSHAREHOLDER - Pensacola, FL - 2007 to PresentServing as a Trial Attorney within the Firm which offers traditional legal services with regard to simple and complex civil litigation.Admitted to practice law within Florida. Primarily practicing in the following areas:• Automobile Negligence ● Small Claims• Premise Liability ● Personal and Property Insurance• Business Law ● Land Use• Real Property/Landlord Tenant ● Collections• Consumer Advocacy ● Product Liability• Engineering Design/Defects ● Contract Development/Disputes • Government Law ● Community Associations• Commercial Litigation ● Consumer Protection• Mediation/Negotiation ● Government ConsultingASSOCIATELevin, Papantonio, Thomas, Mitchell, Echsner, & Proctor P.A - Pensacola, FL - 2005 to 2007 Served as a Trial Attorney within the Firm's Personal Injury and Wrongful Death Group￼which offered the traditional legal services relating to negligence of another. Case management included over 100 cases generating 1 million dollars in annual fees plus costs. John Fares Asmar - 850-607-6253ASSOCIATERoetzel & Andress - Fort Myers, FL - 2004 to 2005Served as an Associate within the Firm's Real Estate, Land Use, and Construction Groupwhich offers the traditional legal services relating to conveyance, development, leasing,eminent domain and condemnation, site planning, zoning, construction and design, as well as real estate financing and syndication. The Firm's real estate clients have varied interests andinclude: Large & Small Developers, Architects, Contractors, Buyers and Sellers, FinancialInstitutions, Public Bodies, Syndicators, Brokers, Investors, Landlords &Tenants.Primarily practiced within the following areas with special emphasis on natural disasterrecovery and rebuilding:• Land Use Law ● Environmental Law• Real Estate Law ● Government Law• Administrative Law ● Insurance Law● Construction Law ● Eminent DomainLEGISLATIVE LOBBYISTInternational Union of Police Associations (IUPA) - Tallahassee, FL - 2000 to 2001Served as a lobbyist representing client interest within the Florida Legislature:• Clients: International Union of Police Associations (IUPA), Florida NursesAssociation (FNA), and HDR Engineering Inc.• Duties: Assisted and directed statewide client legislative initiatives performing the following functions with various state agencies:Comprehensive Planning • Collective bargaining• Development Review • Contract procurement and negotiations • • • • Legislation AppropriationsOWNER/ CHIEF OPERATING OFFICERPortable on Demand Storage (PODS) - Orlando, FL - 1999 to 2001Founded, owned and operated a limited Liability Corporation within a five county area in central florida specializing in moving and storage. As the general operating partner, wasresponsible for the day-to-day operation of a $5 million corporation. Specific achievementsincluded:• Formation of the corporation and acquisition of the franchise• Leasing and purchasing all warehouses, equipment and supplies • Hiring and training personnel• Acquisition of all financial capital on behalf of the corporationADMINISTRATOR FOR PLANNING & DEVELOPMENT SERVICESCity of Clearwater - Clearwater, FL - 1999 to 2000Member of the City's executive management team• Departmental management (72 employees): Directed two departments with annual departmental budgets of $4.6 million performing the following functions:Comprehensive Planning • Code Enforcement• Development Review • Occupational Licensing• Housing & Neighborhood Services • Building Permits/InspectionsCITY MANAGERCity of Homestead - Homestead, FL - 1997 to 1999Chief Administrative Officer of the City (450 employees): Directed and supervised a full service City with a $78 million unified annual budget. Uniqueresponsibilities included:Electric Utility Water and Wastewater UtilityMotorsports Complex Baseball Stadium and Sport Complex John Fares Asmar - 850-607-6253ASSISTANT CITY MANAGERCity of North Miami Beach - Miami Beach, FL - 1995 to 1997Assistant Chief Administrative Officer of the City (500 employees): Directed and supervised 11 departments with a $68 million unified annual budget. Uniqueresponsibilities included:• Economic Development Water & Wastewater Utility• Community DevelopmentASSISTANT COUNTY ADMINISTRATOREscambia County - Pensacola, FL - 1993 to 1995Acting County Administrator/ Civil Defense Director (1,200 employees):Responsible for a unified annual county budget of $250+ million• Assistant Chief Administrative Officer of the County (400 employees): Directed and supervised 11 departments with a $41.3 million unified annual budget. Uniqueresponsibilities included:• 10,000-seat Civic Center 1200-inmate Correctional Facility• Mass Transit Agricultural Extension Services• Fire Services Health & Human Assistance• Emergency Management Wildlife Regulation & Control• Housing & RedevelopmentMANAGEMENT ASSISTANTCity of Pensacola - Pensacola, FL - 1989 to 1993Assistant Project Manager: Performed research and analysis, contributed to program development, implementation and administration. Unique opportunitiesincluded:Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 Performance appraisal systemClassification and Compensation system Performance-based budgeting Contract Administration Risk Management and InsuranceEDUCATIONJuris DoctorUniversity of Florida, Fredric G. Levin College of Law - Gainesville, FL 2004