Julie Leuelling AttorneyDenver, NC - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Julie-Leuelling/d1751a1f372cddaaExperienced corporate attorney seeking to return to the workforce after several years of real estate investing, community volunteering and family obligations.WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyArcadis - Highlands Ranch, CO - 1999 to 2003Conducted all aspects of corporate law including contract negotiations on construction projects, loss prevention, insurance, real estate and environmental.• Negotiated contracts with corporations for major construction and environmental projects.• Negotiated the lease and managed the construction for the new corporate headquarters.• Lead attorney for three major corporate division divestitures.• Hired and managed an outside real estate consulting company to oversee 60 nationwide offices and developed corporate standards which saved $750,000 in annual savings.• Developed an outside counsel manual saving $250,000 in annual outside counsel costs.Contract AttorneyDenver, CO - 1997 to 1999Negotiated contracts and various projects for major law firms. Accepted a job offer from Arcadis.Due Diligence CoordinatorPrologis - Aurora, CO - 1995 to 1996Managed due diligence activities for $90 million purchases of raw land for development into industrial parks. • Analyzed the financial feasibility of projects including preparing and reviewing sophisticated pro formas.• Negotiated complex, multi-million dollar purchase contracts.• Evaluated and quantified environmental, geotechnical, engineering, site plans and legal issues.• Hired and coordinated all consultant and expert activities.• Evaluated the entitlement process including zoning, title issues, and permits.Senior AttorneyExxon U.S.A - Houston, TX - 1988 to 1994Marketing Law Section• Coordinated all transactional work for $21 million in annual service station site acquisitions and all legal work in the Northeast Region. Issues involved negotiating real estate purchases, office leases, resolving environmental issues, and selling surplus properties. Significant client interaction.• Negotiated a major nationwide agreement between Exxon and McDonald's.• Lead attorney in Exxon's withdrawal from the Southern Florida market divesting $27 million in real estate holdings.• Conducted numerous presentations on various legal issues to client groups across the country.• Managed over 20 major law firms.• Managed a real estate litigation docket of over 30 active cases.Litigation Law Section￼• Assisted senior attorney on multimillion dollar litigation cases including contract, personal injury, real estate, antitrust, and commercial disputes.• Directed all phases of discovery process including taking depositions, drafting briefs and motions, and interviewing key witnesses. Second chaired trials.IBM, Major Account Executive, Schaumburg, Illinois• Marketed telecommunications systems to Fortune 100 companies.• Consistently exceeded sales target. Trained extensively in closing techniques, presentation skills and time management principles.Xerox, Senior Marketing Representative, Peoria, Illinois• Marketed copiers within the Information Systems Division to existing high profile Xerox accounts including General Electric, State Farm and Caterpillar.• Completed three series of account management training courses at Xerox's International School of Management in Virginia.EDUCATIONJuris Doctor in awarded magna cum laudeNorthern Illinois University College of Law - DeKalb, ILMaster of Business AdministrationIllinois State UniversityBachelor of ScienceIllinois State University