Kai Hecker AttorneyDallas, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kai-Hecker/77fe36856cb0bc33WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyCampbell & Chadwick, P.C - Dallas, TX - November 2007 to February 2015Defended lawyers in legal malpractice lawsuits and in State Bar grievances. Represented individual and corporate clients in professional liability, general business dispute, insurance defense, employment (Title VII, ADA, FLSA, & FMLA), and trade secret/non-compete matters with significant exposure. Drafted coverage opinions and monitored trials. Negotiated and drafted licensing, professional service, and other complex contracts. Representative cases are attached.• Lead attorney at mediations and arbitration.• Drafted appellate briefs in state and federal courts.• Presented appellate oral arguments in state and federal courts.• Drafted and argued pre-trial discovery and dispositive motions.• Drafted and argued multi-party multi-claim jury charges.• Prepared, defended, and deposed fact and expert witnesses.• Drafted discovery requests, objections and responses.• Managed large volume document productions.• Drafted motions in limine, exhibit lists, and other trial documents.• Prepared reports and litigation budgets for clients and their carriers.• Evaluated claims for coverage, potential liability and damages.• Prepared evaluations, strategy recommendations, and settlement ranges for carrier. • Negotiated resolution of coverage disputes.• Reviewed, drafted, and negotiated various types of contracts.• Provided risk analysis of contract provisions and recommended changes.AttorneySolo Practice - Dallas, TX - July 2006 to November 2007Represented clients in various transactional matters involving corporate formation and business contracts.AttorneyMiller & Brown, L.L.P - Dallas, TX - October 2003 to July 2006Represented individual and corporate clients in complex, multi-party, catastrophic personal injury litigation.AttorneyLewis Miltenberger & Associates - Fort Worth, TX - October 2001 to July 2003Pre-trial defense counsel for large volume of products liability mass tort cases involving theU.S. Navy. Prepared and responded to discovery and to pre-trial motions. Attended and argued at hearings and mediations. Conducted witness depositions.Project ManagerSupportkids.com - Austin, TX - April 1999 to September 2001￼Leadership position in team responsible for business process redesign to implement e-commerce best practices.Senior ConsultantArthur Andersen - Houston, TX - March 1998 to April 1999Management consultant in large cross-functional team focused on organizational structure redesign, process re-engineering and improvement strategies, and change management for legal departments of Fortune 100 organizations to meet peer-derived metrics. Acted as project lead, including management of work plan, resources, budget and timeline.IT SupportManpower - Raleigh, NC - June 1994 to March 1998IT support and application development for franchise offices in North Carolina.EDUCATIONLaw Summer ProgramUniversity College, Oxford University - Oxford 1996 to 1996Juris Doctor in LawSouthern Methodist University School of Law - Dallas, TX 1992 to 1996Russian StudiesSimferopol State University - Simferopal, Ukraine 1991 to 1992BA in HistoryMarquette University - Milwaukee, WI 1988 to 1992