Keith LedermanAttorney - The Law Office of Keith Scott LedermanMerrick, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Keith-Lederman/3d858c2a03e9c962WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyThe Law Office of Keith Scott Lederman - Garden City, NY - 1999 to PresentRepresenting buyers and sellers in residential and commercial sale and purchase transactions; including experience in the representation of landlords and tenants in lease negotiation, contracts, construction, and evection.Residential and commercial lending and banking experience; including representation of several major banking institutions as a bank settlement attorney.Family and matrimonial law experience; including divorce proceedings, child custody proceedings, as well as child support enforcement and modification of child support obligations.Bankruptcy and debtor creditor law experience; including bankruptcy representation in the Southern and Eastern Districts of New York as well as representation before the internal revenue service.Administrative law and arbitration experience; including no fault arbitration, workers' compensation, as well as arbitration before the American Arbitration Association.Personal injury experience; including slip and fall related injury, motor vehicle accident, no fault, and bodily injury litigation.General civil and criminal litigation experience; including business litigation, debt collection and recovery, as well as felony and misdemeanor criminal law; including practice at the federal and state court level resulting in extensive procedural experience in the state and federal courts in both New York and New Jersey.AttorneyPaul Wickesser, Attorney at Law - Centerport, NY - January 1999 to July 1999Elder Law, Medicaid Law, Wills, Living Wills, Healthcare Proxies, Living Trusts and other Estate And Trust Advisory Services.Associate AttorneyRichard Wolfson, P.C - Bellmore, NY - 1998 to 1999AttorneyThe Law Offices of Bartel & Runcie - Remsenberg, NY - February 1998 to December 1998 Real Estate Transactions, Insurance Arbitrations, and Commercial Litigation.Accounting ClerkEdward Bokker Inc - Bronx, NY - April 1993 to October 1993Responsibilities Accounting Redords￼CourierTransportation of Financial Documents, Checks, and Bank Records - 1988 to 1990Head Shipping ClerkBaldwin Kitchen Sales - Baldwin, NY - 1987 to 1988 Managed shipping and receiving of Kitchen Equipment.CourierPan American World Airways - Queens, NY - June 1985 to September 1987ResponsibilitiesTransport of checks and financial documentsEDUCATIONJ.D. in Juris DoctorateTouro College Jacob D. Fuchsberg Law Center - Huntington, NY 1994 to 1997BA in AccountingSUNY Oneonta - Oneonta, NY 1992 to 1994