Kevin Rambold Attorney - Kevin A. RamboldManchester Center, VT - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kevin-Rambold/b59969655c11ff3dWORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyKevin A. Rambold - Manchester, VT - April 1998 to PresentSouthampton, New YorkSolo practitioner. Representation of corporate and private clients in varied legal matters. Civil and criminal litigation practice. Administrative practice before varied governmental Boards and tribunals. Drafted, negotiated and reviewed all types of commercial contracts and instruments. Real estate and transactional practice including zoning, land use and permitting. Judicial appointments as Court-Attorney, Referee and Legal Guardian. Defender General Conflict Counsel in Bennington/Windham County Superior Court. Appellate practice before Vermont Supreme Court and New York Appellate Divisions.Associate general practice law firmBennett, O'Shea & Downes, LLP - Southampton, NY - August 1994 to March 1998Substantial zoning and land use practice before Municipal, County and State Boards. Assisted as counsel for small incorporated village. Civil and criminal litigation practice including: legal research, drafting of pleadings, motions and legal memoranda. Trial practice including preparation and examination of lay and expert witnesses. Caseload management/client contact. Appellate practice.AssociateCullen & Dykman, LLP - New York, NY - November 1993 to July 1994with large New York firm representing major lending institutions in all phases of residential and commercial real estate transactions including acquisition, lending and compliance.Legal internTown of Southampton, Town Attorney's Office - Southampton, NY - June 1991 to August 1991with Town Attorney's Office. Introduced to legislative process ranging from drafting of laws/ordinances to enforcement. Assisted with varied municipal boards.EDUCATIONJuris DoctorCity University of New York School of Law 1993Bachelor of Arts in Pre-Law/Political ScienceLong Island University Southampton Campus 1990￼