Lucky C. Nwankwo Contract AttorneyBordentown, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Lucky-C-Nwankwo/3a5b2d507726b78dWORK EXPERIENCEContract AttorneyInnovative Discovery, LLC - Arlington, VA - September 2014 to December 2014Performed E-discovery assisted review which dealt with banking regulation defense, including banking practices and policies; mergers and acquisition of banks.• Also assisted in a case involving environmental pollution defense.• Reviewed case specific materials for relevance, Attorney-Client privilege & Attorney work-product privilege, and issue requests. Used Relativity Software.Contract AttorneySynergy Legal Staffing, Inc - Washington, DC - July 2014 to September 2014Reviewed legal documents that dealt with construction business transactions including real estate contracts, real estate business (day-to-day) transactions, real estate loans (commercial loans/personal loans), and contract for the sales of homes.• Also, performed privileged log review of these documents to determine whether Attorney-Client privilege applied, and/or Attorney Work-Product (second-level review).• Used Relativity Software; also used Concordance.Contract Attorney (Team Lead)Integreon Managed Solutions, Inc - Crystal City, VA - May 2014 to July 2014Performed legal document review work in the fields of Technology Assisted Review, Regulatory Compliance, and Electronic Discovery. Assisted with Trans-vaginal Mesh Litigation Defense.• Served as Team Lead overseeing 20+ document review contract attorneys.• Maintained accurate and efficient review of documents under tight deadlines.• Served on the quality control team (QC); performed extensive corrections of first-level reviewed documents and redactions. Used Relativity Software.Contract Attorney (Pharmaceutical/Patent)BRL - Washington, DC - September 2013 to December 2013Performed E-discovery for Fortune 500 Companies during the discovery phase of Patent infringement, Antitrust, and Pharmaceutical/Intellectual Property litigations.• Assisted with Pharmaceutical and Patent Litigation Defense, which dealt with ANDA, NDA, Drug Substance and Drug Products. Screened legal documents for privilege.• Reviewed massive Pharmaceutical and Intellectual Property (Patent) documents. • Used Relativity Software.Legal Intern to the Honorable Joseph F. BataillonUnited States District Court of Omaha - Omaha, NE - March 2011 to May 2011Nebraska, Omaha, NE. Spring 2011Legal Intern to the Honorable Joseph F. Bataillon• Researched issues pertaining to federal statutes, rules and regulations.￼• Reviewed motions, researched relevant case laws, prepared summaries of legal arguments and assisted in preparation and interpretation of court rulings.• Drafted bench memoranda and orders on various legal issues before the court.LIFE SCIENCE & BIOTECHNOLOGY EXPERIENCEResearch Scientist & Lab ManagerClark Atlanta University - Atlanta, GA - May 2008 to August 2009Conducted prostate cancer research using biochemical engineering, recombinant DNA and RNA gene technologies, immunology, molecular biology, as well as cell and tissue culture techniques.• Processed human nucleic acids and bacterial cells for their growth and drug delivery.• Conducted separation and purification of cells and isolated recombinant DNA, RNA and Proteins/Enzyme cells. Also, conducted Protein Assays of human cells and bacterial cells.• Conducted laboratory research on animals and recombinant plants (Dietary Phytosterols Supplementation) to determine its effect on cells. Published in Georgia Journal of Science.• Provided laboratory training to appointed staff and graduate/undergraduate students on laboratory rules and procedures regarding fluid handling and dispensing, refrigeration of stock materials, and proper ventilation during surface transportation of cell culture.Research TechnicianMorehouse School of Medicine - Atlanta, GA - August 2006 to July 2007Assisted in conducting technical research on Malaria and African-Sleeping Sickness research using cell and tissue culture techniques, genetic engineering and tissue engineering technologies.• Conducted laboratory research by analyzing and interpreting appropriate references and case laws to the written technical materials. Conducted regular testing and analysis of laboratory samples.• Passaged and purified virulent cells via tissue culture techniques.• Isolated, grew, and conducted Protein Assays of human cells and bacterial cells.EDUCATIONJuris DoctorCreighton University School of Law - Omaha, NE May 2012Bachelor of Science in BiologyUniversity of West Georgia - Carrollton, GA July 2006ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCORE COMPETENCIES• IRAC Research & Analysis; Contract Law; Discovery; Pleadings; Project Management; Problem Solving; Verbal & Written Communications; Attention to Detail.• Performs legal document review work in the fields of Technology Assisted Review, Regulatory Compliance, and Electronic Discovery.