Manuel E. Lugo-Recart Business entrepreneur and law practice professionalAguadilla, PR - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Manuel-E-Lugo-Recart/cecbece59095b1f0Creative customer oriented law professional with five years of litigation practice and six years of cumulative experience working in various dynamic corporate environments. Strong scientific and analytical background with forward strategic thinking and proven negotiation and leadership skills. 20 years of experience in computer building, maintenance, upgrades and troubleshooting. Project manager with two years of experience. Excellent interpersonal skills in communications (English and Spanish) and client relations.• Persuasive written and oral communication • Entrepreneurial oriented• Foster teamwork and motivational support • Civil, criminal and administrative litigation • Professional sales representative • Notary work• Environmental specialist • Business analystWORK EXPERIENCELawyerPrivate practice - Aguadilla, PR - September 2010 to June 2014* Divorce and alimony* Contracts and prenuptial agreements* Notary work* Civil, criminal and administrative litigationFounder and CEOOonyxx Corp - Aguadilla, PR - September 2011 to January 2014Oonyxx was a joint venture (startup) technology company focused on developing an entertainment and tourism programmable application for the Puerto Rico market.* Interview new potential hires* Coordinate meetings and tasks with programming and graphic designer teams * Project manager* Art selection for web/application interphase* Database conception* API research* Tourism and entertainment market analysis* SWOT analysis* FinancingBoard MemberASOCIACIÓN CONDÓMINES CONDOMINIO VISTAMAR - May 2007 to August 2013 Condominio Vistamar is a residential apartment complex located in Aguadilla, Puerto Rico.* Preventive surveillance, maintenance and repairs, in coordination with the building administrator.* Evaluating conditions of mechanical /electrical components including, power plant, pool pumps, emergency lights, water tank, remote controlled access gate and security cameras.* Administrative budgetary plans for building maintenance including material and labor costs.￼Student LawyerCENTER FOR LEGAL SERVICE - Mayagüez, PR - January 2007 to May 2008Legal counseling and litigation services offered to the indigent and disadvantage in coordination with the Eugenio María de Hostos School of Law and the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico.* Pursuant to Puerto Rico Supreme Court rule 12(f) that grants student petitioner authorization to represent clients with the help of a fully admitted lawyer, usually a professor.* Family related cases, including but not all, alimony and divorce.Professional Sales RepresentativeSCHERING-PLOUGH DEL CARIBE, INC - San Juan, PR - December 2001 to August 2005Schering-Plough Corporation was a United States-based pharmaceutical company. On November 4, 2009, Merck & Co. merged with Schering-Plough with the new company taking the name Merck & Co.* Responsible for launching Clarinex brand in assigned territory* Clarinex market share increased from 0% to 26% in 14 weeks with highest evolution index in Puerto Rico * 12th highest evolution index in the world* Highest market share of 90.8% for Diprolene brand in Puerto Rico* Highest market share of 71.1% for Lotrisone brand in Puerto Rico* Organize round tables with mayor speakers to teach doctors new ways of treating diseases* Administrative evaluation of territory to pinpoint new potential doctors to market the brands* Responsible to visit over 200 doctors per monthEnvironmental SpecialistENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY BOARD - Hato Rey, PR - August 2001 to December 2001The Environmental Quality Board is an agency of the government of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico with the primary goal of protecting and conserving the environment of the island.* Permit closure and corrective action pursuant to the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) subtitle C.* Technical and administrative evaluation of hazardous waste applications.* Evaluation of hazardous waste permits in coordination with the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), that grant petitioner to pursue industry specific hazardous waste management.* Evaluation of engineering designs and operation of hazardous waste units for treatment, storage and disposal facilities.* Visual site inspections, field sampling and corrective action document evaluation.Material HandlerPR STORAGE & DISTRIBUTION, INC - Aguadilla, PR - January 2001 to August 2001Puerto Rico Storage & Distribution, Inc. provides warehousing and outsourcing services for mayor corporations established on the island including Hewlett Packard and Honeywell.* Warehouse inventory* Tracking of lost material * Computer reports* Business analyst* SAP trainerEDUCATIONJD in LawEugenio Maria de Hostos - Mayagüez, PR 2005 to 2008MBA in Technology ManagementUniversity of Phoenix - Guaynabo, PR 2000 to 2002Master of Science in Environmental ScienceWashington State University - Pullman, WA 1997 to 2000Bachelor of Science in ChemistryInteramerican University - San Germán, PR 1992 to 1995PUBLICATIONSEl Ecosistema Empresarial2010A critique of current Puerto Rico government approach to business creation and a holistic view for the development of local business ecosystems.Published in the El Nuevo Día (Newspaper).Humanismo Cibernético: Cuando los Objetos de Convierten en Sujetohttp://books.google.com.pr/books/about/Blade_Runner.html?id=rhdiNwAACAAJ&redir_esc=y2008Essay published in the book title Blade Runner – Memoria, Vigilancia y el Sujeto Desechable, Daniel Nina Editor, Ediciones Callejón (2008): Analysis and critique of the Blade Runner movie. Brief history of the exponential growth in computer power and complexity and the legal rights of future intelligent machines.La Opción Geotérmica2008The untapped potential of geothermal energy production.Published in the El Nuevo Día (Newspaper).El Tiempo se Termina2008Time is running out for globalized civilization as human population rises and natural resources are rapidly depleted.Published in the El Nuevo Día (Newspaper).ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnical Skills Summary:Applications: MS Office, MS Outlook, Torrents, TOR, Symantec Antivirus, Alcohol 120%￼OS: Microsoft Windows (XP, Vista, 7, 8), Android, Ubuntu, Mac OS X