Marisabel Velázquez-García Attorney - Velazquez's Law ServicesKissimmee, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Marisabel-Velazquez-Garcia/35ff6f52a7f9c347WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyVelazquez's Law Services - September 2014 to PresentCivil Practice suchs as family, divorce, rule 60, foreclosure, torts, among others.* Legal representation and guidance of clients before the Court of First Instance of Puerto Rico.AttorneyRivera Ortiz & Associates - August 2014 to September 2014Civil Practice: supported lawyers in 20+ cases suchs as divorce, torts, heirship, among others. * Performed legal papers of civil and criminal cases: interrogations, lawsuits, among others.* Draft/edit legal documents on criminal cases.* Consistently deliver highest quality work under extreme pressureLegal Secretary/ Paralegal- March 2014 to July 2014Assist attorneys in criminal and civil practice.* Drafts/ edits legal documents.* Call answering and secretary roll.* Consistently deliver highest quality work under extreme pressure.Bar Exam - March 2014 to March 2014 March 2014Pontificia Universidad Católica - January 2013 to May 2013Managed two cases: peace disturbance and threat.* Performed legal research, interrogations, and drafted legal documents.* Managed controlled substance case in the adult area: interrogation, research, and litigation.Legal Practice - July 2012 to January 2013July 2012 - Jan. 2013* Supported a lawyer in 10+ civil cases: divorce, breach of contract, torts, collections, among others. Performed interrogations, evidence gathering, drafted and answered lawsuits and memos, and legal research. Participated in several hearing and trials and evidence gathering interviews.* Assisted in the preparation of certioraris for the Supreme Court. Executed administrative functions such as reports, call answering, and filing. Worked in case to register a trademark.Legal InternSociedad de Asistencia Legal de Ponce - June 2011 to July 2011Assisted to criminal hearings and trials: domestic violence, homicides, robberies, assaults, controlled substances, DUI, among others. Transcribed a hearing and interviewed a prisoner.Office Manager￼Campo Rico Medical Group - June 2008 to July 2010Managed medical office administration with five specialists and generalists with a volume of 50+ patients per day and dozens of calls.* Performed medical equipment inventory, recruiting, payroll, accounts payable, supply management, reception, bookkeeping, and electronic medical record system management (HIPPA).* Improved administrative processes to strengthen control and streamline tasks.five specialists - June 2006 to June 2008Manage the front desk and handle all kind of secretary and clerical work for five specialists as Internal Medicine, Family Medicine, General Medicine, Psychology and Gastroenterology.* Coding and managing confidential and sensitive information.* Interview patients in order to obtain preliminary information regarding case histories, demography and insurance.* Schedule appointments and meetings between doctors and patients and educate patients about what their rights are and how they will be expected to act during a procedure.* Represent physicians by screening incoming telephone calls; recording and transmitting messages; scheduling, receiving, and announcing scheduled patients and visitors; screening unscheduled patients and visitors; arranging referrals to other health care providers; scheduling appointments for consultations, x-rays, lab tests, physical therapy, MRI's, CT scans, etcEDUCATIONJuris DoctorPontifical Catholic University of PR, Ponce Campus 2013Bachelor's in ManagementUniversity of PR, Carolina Campus 2009