Mark PodlinNEW BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT GLOBAL REAL ESTATESaint Simons Island, GA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mark-Podlin/0cc841087843a69cWORK EXPERIENCEATTORNEYFORTUNE - Seoul, KR - 2010 to Present100 CORPORATE REAL ESTATE EXPERIENCEPresident 2010 to PresentUrban Retail Korea LLC, Chicago / Seoul, South KoreaNew Business Development for International Mixed Use Mall Development, Redevelopment, Leasing• Pre-development leasing of The California Mall in Seoul, Korea, for Samsung,Hyundai, LG, Daewoo, the provincial government, and other members of the investment consortium. Over three million square feet, The California Mall will be thelargest & most upscale mall in Korea.• Retenanting of Sung Chang Department Stores in Seoul's Myeong-dong and Sinchon shopping districts with American brands.• Established and maintain corporate offices in downtown Seoul.President & CEOInternational Development - 2010 to 2010Triple Five Worldwide Organization, LLC, West Edmonton, Alberta, Canada Owners of Mall of America & West Edmonton Mall in CanadaNew Business Development for International Mixed Use Complexes• Officed at Triple Five's International Headquarters in West Edmonton Mall in Alberta, Canada, and lived in the Fantasyland Hotel connected to West Edmonton Mall. This is the largest mall in North America with an enclosed water park, separate enclosed amusement park, ice skating rink, and aquarium.• Key person negotiating for Triple Five with the New Jersey Sports & Exposition Authority to enable Triple Five to gain control of the Xanadu project, which is now being developed as American Dream in the New Jersey Meadowlands.• International Development Consulting for Projects in Africa, Asia, Europe, and the Middle East• Jet Aircraft Acquisition, Carbon Credits, Creation of Guidelines for a New Stock Exchange as well as Oil, Gold and Uranium MiningPresident & CEOPodlin International Realty, Ltd - Saint Simons Island, GA - 2008 to 2008￼New Business Development for Major Corporations & Governments• Development Consulting with Wal-Mart for Latin American Projects on behalf of US Equities, Inc. (Chicago) - Developers of Millenium Park on Michigan Avenue• Redeveloped the Central Business District of Downtown Grundy, Virginia, on behalf of the Town of Grundy and Industrial Development Authority. The new key anchorstore in the redevelopment is a new 3-Level Wal-Mart, which is located in the middle of the Central Business District between a mountain and a river across the street from the Buchanan County Courthouse. The first two-levels of the Wal-Mart building arecomprised of two levels of structured parking, with Wal-Mart sitting on the third level above the parking deck.• Currently in pre-development for the new Buchanan County Civic Center, a mixed- use complex across the street from Grundy Town Center, which will be comprised ofgovernment offices, retail stores, a movie theater complex, park areas, and a teensports and activity center.• Successfully litigated in Federal District Court and Superior Court against real estatelenders on behalf of multiple clients involved in real estate development during the 2008 real estate downturn.Vice President of Asset Management & AcquisitionsDeBartolo Development, LLC - Tampa, FL - 2006 to 2008New Business Development for the former owner of the San Francisco 49ers Football Team• Negotiated the Department Store and other major anchor deals, including all lease and ownership documentation with the large anchor stores like Dillard's, Penney, Kohl's,Target, Wal-Mart, Best Buy, Dick's Sporting Goods, and supervised the leasing of the remainder of the shopping center through my multiple Development Managers and the Director of Leasing.• Identified potential existing property acquisitions and viable development sites; met with landowners and negotiated the acquisition and joint venture agreements,developed the site plan with the anchor stores, public officials, and developed the architectural design with the architects. Routinely met with Mayors, CountyCommissions, and City Councils and worked with the local government officials to obtain zoning and other entitlements and supervised the construction process through the Vice President of Construction.• Reporting to the President of the Company, led the company team for majorcommercial real estate loan workouts, portfolio and property restructurings and redevelopment for major shopping center assets held by borrowers from such lenders as New York Life, Dominion Capital, and Credit Suisse, as well as local banks.Organized the entire portfolio seizure by Dominion Capital of all of PremierProperties' nationwide portfolio of real estate assets and led the financial,construction, leasing and development teams to visit each property and meet with the lenders and government officials to stabilize the portfolio.Senior Vice President of DevelopmentAcquisitions - West Palm Beach, FL - 2005 to 2006New Business Development with Major Anchor Stores, Corporations & Governments• Reporting to the Chairman of the Company, led the development team for theCompany's new projects in the Southeast from initial concept through site planning,leasing, construction completion and opening. Planned all the developments with the architects, negotiated the site acquisition contracts and joint venture agreement as well as brought in the anchor stores for a 100+ acre project in Sevierville, TN, at the entrycorridor to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park. Negotiated and drafted alllegal documentation for deals.Vice President of Anchor Leasing, Development, and RedevelopmentRamco-Gershenson, Inc - Farmington Hills, MI - 2001 to 2005 REIT - NEW BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT WITH ANCHORS• As Ramco's major anchor store dealmaker and shopping center redeveloper, I ledseveral diverse project teams of attorneys, civil engineers, traffic engineers, marketresearchers, architects, leasing agents, and construction management staff members in developing and cultivating new and existing business relationships with retail anchorstores like Wal-Mart, Target, Kohl's, Lowe's, Home Depot, JCPenney, Belk, and othertraditional anchor stores, as well as grocery stores like Kroger, Publix, Ingles, and Bi-Lo.• Site selection for the development of River City Marketplace, on I-95 in Jacksonville, Florida, at the Airport Interchange, Ramco's most successful regional shopping center, anchored by Wal-Mart, Lowe's, Best Buy, Ross, Gander Mountain, Dick's Sporting Goods, Regal Theaters, and containing over one million square feet of retail space.President & CEOPodlin International Realty, Ltd - Saint Simons Island, GA - 1995 to 2001Mall / Shopping Center Development, Redevelopment, Asset Management, Leasing & Litigation• Formed Affordable Medicines for Africa, a 501(c)3 Charitable Organization to distribute generic pharmaceuticals throughout Africa for the former President ofMAP, International.• As an attorney, represented physicians, dentists, optometrists, chiropractors, writers,publishers, filmmakers, film distributors, builders and land developers in businessformation, estate planning, contracts, litigation in State and Federal Courts, and arbitration through the American Arbitration Association.• Performed shopping center leasing, development, and acquisitions consulting on behalf of Price Waterhouse Coopers, as well as major mall and shopping centerdevelopers like The Paramount Group and Ziff Properties.• Acquired commercial investment properties and selected new store locations for my clients.• Formed and operated the independent film distribution company ZotaWerks Entertainment, LLC, with John Stembler, one of the owners of The Georgia Theater Company theater chain. Distributed Fakin' da Funk, starring Pam Grier, which wepremiered in Atlanta. Traveled to the Cannes Film Festival with John Stembler for business meetings with filmmakers Roger Corman and Alain Siritzky to discussinternational film distribution of independent films. Also, regularly attended theAmerican Film Market in Santa Monica, CA.• As a Registered Investment Advisor with the SEC, I successfully invested and managed the financial investment portfolios of my clients.• National Institute for Trial Advocacy, Trial Advocacy Skills Diploma, awarded MarchMember of the Association of Trial Lawyers of AmericaPodlin International Realty, Ltd - 1996 to 1996Member of the Bar Associations for the States of New York, Georgia and Illinois.• Registered Investment Advisor with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the State of Georgia.Senior Vice PresidentLaSalle Partners - Chicago, IL - 1994 to 1995New Business Development with Anchor Stores and Institutional Property Owners• Chief shopping center retail officer, with responsibilities including all anchor store dealmaking, and all asset management and mall management for all of Jones Lang LaSalle's mall properties and shopping centers in the United States and Mexico.• Reported to President and Chairman of the Company.• Supervised staff including inside and outside counsel. Personally negotiated all major business terms as well as major regional mall legal documentation like major store leases (JCPenney/Dillard's/May Company/Macy's/Sears et al.) purchaseagreements, reciprocal easement and operating agreements.• Primary responsibility for generating new business for retail development and mall management in the United States and Mexico with new and existing clients• Responsibility for maintaining and cultivating relationships with portfolio managers and existing clients for whom we managed retail properties• Supervisory responsibility for all of Jones Lang LaSalle's new and existing retail development projects and proposals worldwide, including the renovation of New York's Grand Central Station and preparation of an RFP for renovation of the World Trade Center in New York City.Executive Vice President - DevelopmentRetail Development Group - 1986 to 1994ANCHOR STORE DEALS & MALL REDEVELOPMENTJMB Realty and JMB Retail Properties Co., Chicago, ILUrban Shopping Centers, Inc., A New York Stock Exchange Co.New Business Development with Anchor Department Stores for the World's Largest Syndicator• Primary executive for attracting new department stores like Macy's, Bloomingdale's,Sak's, Neiman-Marcus, Boscov's, Marshal Field's, Carson's, Sears, JCPenney, Parisian,Belk, Wal-Mart, K-Mart, et al., and negotiating all major business, legal, and construction terms for expanding regional malls across the United States with newdepartment stores, including buying more land, reconfiguring existing anchor storeparcels, adding parking decks, negotiating new operating covenants and obtainingextended operating covenant upon the addition of one or more new anchor stores and the renovation and expansion of the mall.• Supervised all legal, leasing and construction activity related to all mall expansions and redevelopments throughout the United States.• Personally negotiated and drafted major anchor store leases, purchase agreements, reciprocal easement and operating agreements.• Prepared proformas and assisted in obtaining additional financing.• Traveled worldwide and coast-to-coast as the key player and officer at Urban Shopping Centers responsible for generating all new asset management mall redevelopment business with over 30 portfolio managers on approximately 100 regional malls owned by JMB affiliates and those owned by outside institutional investors, partnerships, and individuals, including joint venture partners.• Mall acquisitions and dispositions.• Reported to the President of the Company, as JMB/Urban Development's most active department store dealmaker and its primary mall redevelopment executive.• Initiated hundreds of millions of dollars in mall redevelopment and new business, and:• Established a new company division, possibly the first in the mall industry, specializing in the multimillion dollar expansion of the Company's entire portfolio of existing owned and managed regional enclosed shopping malls on a nationwide basis.• Hired and supervised over thirty outside counsel in negotiating all related legal documents, including long term building and ground leases; and Construction, Operation, and Reciprocal Easement Agreements.• Assumed responsibility for the development of all outparcel properties surrounding the malls.Senior Real Estate NegotiatorTarget Corporation / Dayton-Hudson Corporation - Dallas, TX - 1985 to 1986Mervyn'sNew Business Development for New Store Locations Throughout the United States• Chose new department store site locations, negotiated all business and legal terms for site acquisition, long term leases, purchase agreements, operating agreement, jointventures, and reciprocal easement agreements, as well as supervised store assetmanagement, site planning, design, and construction. Dealt directly with Mervyn'sChairman and Mervyn's Territorial Vice President, and the various heads of the merchandise, construction, tax, and advertising divisions in coordinating store siteselection, construction, fixturing, merchandising, advertising, and store grandopenings.Western Regional Real Estate RepresentativeJ.C. Penney Company, Inc - Los Angeles, CA - 1984 to 1985New Business Development for Building New Department Stores in Malls in California, Nevada, Washington and Oregon• Chose new department store site locations, negotiated all business and legal terms for site acquisition, long term office, warehouse, and retail store leases, purchaseagreements, operating agreement, joint ventures, and reciprocal easement agreements, as well as supervised office and store asset management site planning, design, and construction.• Promoted from Southeastern Regional Real Estate Attorney Atlanta to manage amulti-million dollar real estate portfolio of Western Region J.C. Penney regional mall and main street stores, catalog stores, retail warehouses, distribution centers, customdecorating manufacturing facilities, product service facilities, and office buildings in California, Nevada, Oregon, Washington, and Idaho.Southeastern Regional Real Estate AttorneyJ. C. Penney Company, Inc - Atlanta, GA - 1978 to 1984Supervised all real estate and construction related litigation in JCPenney'sSoutheastern Region.• Negotiated and drafted all legal agreements related to asset management and opening and operating all of JCPenney's mall-based regional department stores, warehouses,distribution centers, offices buildings and other real estate facilities in the SoutheasternRegion. These agreements included purchase agreements, long term leaseagreements, sale-leasebacks, construction contracts, operating agreements, reciprocaleasement agreements, subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreements,estoppel certificates, lease amendments, lease extensions, lease terminationagreements.• The Real Estate Division of the J.C. Penney Company is primarily responsible for the development of new multi-million dollar J.C. Penney Department Stores in majorregional shopping malls throughout the world.• Involved in negotiating the sale of the old JCPenney Treasure Island facilities to HomeDepot for the first four Home Depot stores ever opened, and also negotiated the sale of 45 Treasury Drug Stores to Eckerd Drugs.Assistant Store ManagerK-Mart Corporation - Atlanta, GA - 1975 to 1975 Spartanburg, SC• Opened, fixtured, and merchandised the new K-Mart Store in Spartanburg, SC, where I met the President of K-Mart, and managed the store employees before starting law school later in the same year after I graduated from the University of Georgia.ATTORNEYFORTUNEEDUCATIONJuris DoctorUniversity of Georgia School of Law - Athens, GA 1978Bachelor of Fine Arts in GeneralUniversity of Georgia