Mark Swail Interpersonal skill expertRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mark-Swail/114947c225b3c621Excellent research, organizational and management skills. Extensive community speaking skills and connections, Proven record of fundraising and collaboration with a variety of non-profit organizations. Extensive legal experience working with diverse cultural backgrounds.WORK EXPERIENCELawyer Referral Service CoodinatorMonroe County Bar Association - Rochester, NY - 2007 to Present2007- presentCoordinate and run public service of referring attorneys to those in need, made program turn a profit consistently for the first time in 17 years. Run grievance program and NYS OCA Fee arbitration program dealing with public and committee members organizing and keeping confidential records, working with NYS Appellate division and office of Court Administration. Sit on and act as Liaison of MCBA Presidents Commission on Access to Justice working with local non-profits to secure and ensure funding for civil legal services. Member of MCBA Lawyers Concerned for Lawyers committee helping attorneys in need of services.Rochester Area CoodinatorCephas Attica/ Peaceprints Prison Ministries - 2009 to 2012TM)2009 -presentTook over Rochester area services for non-profit geared at reducing recidivism for ex- inmates. Implemented new programs and coordinated skill building for volunteers. Coordinate and manage public speaking engagements. Develop and run training programs for new and existing volunteers. Facilitate weekly meetings. Establish ties to existing and new sources of support including Churches and local foundations. Write and submit proposals and grants for new sources of funding. Implemented and facilitated new programs for community education and outreach for ex-offenders and their families.Quality Control EngineerBarre Stone Products - Albion, NY - 2001 to 2002Designed and implemented Quality Control Plan for Hot Mix Asphalt Plant.Plan Administrator of Quality Control Plan for implementation in New York State Department of Transportation projects. Worked closely with all phases of road projects including overall project design and construction.Technical RepresentativeRochester Asphalt Materials - Rochester, NY - 1990 to 2001Technician promoted to Technical Representative and Assistant Plan Administrator. Designed hot mix asphalt for commercial and NYSDOT projects. In charge of stone quality for 6 quarries and 13 hot mix asphalt plants. Designed Superpave asphalt for use in NYSDOT projects. Certified technician for Federal Aviation Association Airport work. Coordinated and managed crew of seven technicians.EDUCATIONBachelors in Organizational Management￼Keuka College - Keuka Park, NY 2007 to 2009Certificate in ParalegalMonroe Community College - Rochester, NY 2006 to 2007A.A.S. in Civil Engineering TechnologyMonroe Community College - Rochester, NY 1987 to 1988SKILLSLegal Research, Associate software, CPR certifiedAWARDSExemplary Student AwardAugust 2007ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONExcellent interpersonal skills as I help over 7000 people a year. Extremely reliable and dedicated self-starter.