Mary Cooper-HugginsAttorney - North Carolina Disability Determinations Services (NCDDS)Raleigh, NC - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mary-Cooper-Huggins/482efe10db392a92To obtain a position that will implement my skills gained through my education and employment history. Areas of Specialty• Customer Service• State, Medicaid and Federal Disability Claims• Social Security Disability Claims, Title II and XVI • Administrative Duties• Disability Determination• Medical Terminology• State and Federal Disability Claims Social Security Disability Claims, Title II and XVIWORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyNorth Carolina Disability Determinations Services (NCDDS) - Raleigh, NC - December 2014 to PresentRaleigh, NC December 2014- present• Confer with claimants by telephone to provide information about open or pending federal and Medicaid claims for North Carolina.• Provides status to Attorneys, Attorney representatives and claimants regarding open or pending federal and Medicaid clams.• Accurately updates contact information for claimants in the AS-400 computer system.• Transfer federal congressional inquiry calls to appropriate representative regarding the claimant's case.Processing Assistant IVNorth Carolina Disability Determinations Services (NCDDS) - Raleigh, NC - October 2007 to October 2013Raleigh, NC October 2007 - October 2013Processing Assistant IV• Processed all Federal receipts and closures (electronic claims or ED exclusion claims) in the NC DDS and the Federal Government by the designated targeted time frame.• Processed all Medicaid receipts and closure in the NC-DDS and Legacy system.• Sorted claims and identify the claims by case types and familiar with an extensive set of numerical codes and acronyms.• Keyed and identified information into the NC-DDS AS 400 System in order to have the claim processed by the adjudicator.• Rotated Front Desk phone coverage for NC-DDS in terms of greeting and directing calls within NC-DDS agency.• Distributed cases to assigned staff within the NC-DDS Processing Department.Disability Determination Specialist INC-DDS - Raleigh, NC - May 1993 to October 2007State and Federal Medicaid Department Raleigh, NC May 1993 - October 2007Disability Determination Specialist I• Processed disability claims for the state of North Carolina per Federal Social Security Act, Titles II and XVI.￼• Thoroughly investigated medical claims and determined allowable or deniable decisions for Medicaid claims. • Interacted with physicians and psychologists in analyzing medical history of claimants.New Jersey Division of Disability Determinations - Newark, NJ - December 1991 to May 1993Newark, NJ December 1991 - May 1993Claims Adjudicator• Determined the disability status of claimants due to medical difficulties.• Met Critical deadlines and prioritized workflow.• Utilized oral and written skills when communicating with claimants and physicians and psychologists.EDUCATIONMaster of Arts in Business AdministrationSaint Peters College - Jersey City, NJBachelor of Arts in EducationNew Jersey State University - Jersey City, NJ