Matthew DavisEager Professional Looking to ContributeFort Smith, AR - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Matthew-Davis/de7d9ed01f5b2186Hardworking, seasoned professional with extensive legal experience who is driven to achieve results, manage costs and establish strategic, mutually beneficial partnerships and relationships with clients, vendors and service providers.WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyL. Matthew Davis, Attorney at Law - Fort Smith, AR - November 2014 to Present Responsibilities• Litigate individual and corporate client disputes in contract; tort; bankruptcy; probate; real property; mineral rights and easements; corporate creation, transfer, and dissolution; and domestic relations.• Defend corporate and individual clients in civil litigation.• Advise clients concerning business transactions, claim liability, advisability of prosecuting or defending suit and of legal rights and obligations.• Negotiate settlements of civil disputes.• Search for and examine public and other legal records to write mineral title opinions or establish ownership. • Interpret Constitution, statutes, decisions, regulations, and ordinances of quasi-judicial bodies to determine ramifications for cases as applied to corporations and individuals.AttorneyRobertson, Beasley & Ford, PLLC - Fort Smith, AR - September 2013 to November 2014 Responsibilities• Defend corporate and individual clients and prosecute corporate and individual defendants in civil litigation. • Interpret Constitution, statutes, decisions, regulations, and ordinances of quasi-judicial bodies to determine ramifications for cases as applied to corporations and individuals.• Present legal analysis to judges, juries, partners and associates.• Prepare legal briefs and opinions, and file appeals in state and federal courts of appeal.• Analyze the probable outcomes of cases, using working knowledge of legal precedent.• Examine legal data to determine advisability of defending suit or feasibility of prosecuting suit.• Advise clients concerning business transactions, claim liability, advisability of prosecuting or defending suit and of legal rights and obligations.• Negotiate settlements of civil disputes.• Prepare and draft wills, trusts, deeds, mortgages, leases, and contracts.• Confer with colleagues with specialties in appropriate areas of forthcoming or pending legal issues to establish and verify bases for legal proceedings.• Represent clients in civil litigation regarding disputes in contract; bankruptcy; probate; real property; corporate creation, transfer, and dissolution; domestic relations; represent clients in criminal defense.Attorney at LawDaily & Woods, PLLC - August 2006 to January 2013 Responsibilities￼• Represent clients in state and federal courts and before governmental agencies, including the Arkansas Oil and Gas Commission and the Oklahoma Corporation Commission.• Probate wills and represent and advise executors and administrators of estates.• Search for and examine public and other legal records to write mineral title opinions or establish ownership. • Extensive practice in the area of oil, gas and mineral law, including title examination, administrative proceedings and mineral litigation.• Assist local and foreign state assemblymen draft legislation, interpret laws, and establish enforcement procedures.• Draft hundreds of oil and gas mineral title opinions, surface title opinions, division order opinions, and acquisition opinions for numerous oil and gas producing companies in the Fayetteville Shale Play and the Anadarko Basin.• Perform administrative and managerial functions related to the practice of law.English InstructorVan Buren School District - July 1999 to July 2003 Responsibilities• Developed and implemented challenging and interactive learning mediums to increase student understanding of writing, reading comprehension, and mastery of advanced linguistics.• Taught Advanced Placement English Literature and Composition to senior high school students for undergraduate college course credit.• Taught Creative writing to diverse classes of up to 30 students.• Received high remarks for the creativity of classroom lesson plans and instructional techniques from students, parents and faculty.• Combined discipline plans with effective measures and various lesson plans to increase concentration, participation, and progress student accountability.• Achieved score of 90th percentile on state's year-end reading comprehension and writing exam.EDUCATIONJuris Doctor in LawOklahoma City University School of Law - Oklahoma City, OK 2003 to 2006Master of Arts in EnglishArkansas Tech University - Russellville, AR 2000 to 2002Bachelor of Arts in Liberal ArtsUniversity of Arkansas at Little Rock - Little Rock, AR 1995 to 1998SKILLSPractice of Law; Human Resource Management; Technical Writing; Proficient in WordPerfect, Microsft Word, Excel, Outlook, and Power PointADDITIONAL INFORMATION Project Management:Integral member of multi-million dollar natural resources leasing and integration project in Arkansas' Fayetteville Shale development for corporate clients currently owning leaseholds in over one million acres of Arkansas real property.Successfully defended multiple corporate clients in numerous state and federal litigations.Initiated open and closed-file access and accountability project for 100 years of data in Fort Smith law firm which resulted in saving hundreds of thousands of dollars to firm and clients in current and future projects.Human Resource Management:Spearheaded multiple new and existing employee accountability programs which increased retention and increased profits by tens of thousands of dollars.