Matthew WilliamsAttorney - Matthew E. Williams Attorney At LawGrandview, MO - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Matthew-Williams/a993a7388182aef2WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyMatthew E. Williams Attorney At Law - Grandview, MO - January 2015 to PresentHandled matters before the Raymore, Independence and Kansas City Municipal courts • Handled plea negotiations with the Cass County Criminal courtLaw ClerkDerek R. Moorhead Attorney At Law - Raymore, MO - June 2013 to June 2014Drafted demand letters, discovery requests, employment contracts, business contracts, memos, motions, petitions, answers, and counterclaims.• Researched using the law libraries at area universities as well as using the FastCase system.• Handled confidential client documents. State of Missouri, and Kansas as well as federal tax returns, as well as the preparation of documents and forms for offers in compromise.• Assisted with obtaining settlements for civil suits as both plaintiff and defense counsel as well as negotiating terms of settlement.• Assisted with probate matters including modifications of guardian and conservatorship.• Assisted with family law matters including modification of spousal, and child support.• Assisted with Corporate law matters including formation, dissolution, employee manual creation and modification, employee termination, as well as the sale of a business.USA 800At Home Chat SalesSummer AssociateDerek R. Moorhead Attorney At Law - Raymore, MO - June 2012 to August 2012Researched using the law libraries at area universities as well as using the FastCase system.• Learned the logistics of operating a solo practitioner law office.• Drafted demand letters, discovery requests, employment contracts, business contracts, memos, motions, petitions, answers, and counterclaims.Chat Sales RepCricket Wireless - Raytown, MO - 2009 to 2010Handled new orders of cell and wireless broadband service, as well as for the devices for the service, on the Cricket Wireless account.EDUCATIONBarry University Dwayne O. Andreas School of Law 2010 to 2013University of Missouri 2007 to 2009￼Bachelors of the Arts in Political ScienceUniversity of Missouri Kansas City - Kansas City, MO 2004 to 2009