Michael McCarthy Attorney - California and TexasHouston, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-McCarthy/e4ba02030ff03d31• Highly accomplished attorney looking to utilize work experience and academic background (including a JD and MBA) to add value to an organization.• Experience in corporate law, commercial law, products liability, construction law, toxic torts, environmental litigation, personal injury defense, oil and gas law, and insurance defense.• Excellent litigation, negotiation, communication, and client interaction skills.• Ability to understand complex contractual issues, assess risk, and provide business-focused legal advice. • Highly skilled in interpreting complex legal documents• Admitted to the Texas BarWORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyCalifornia and Texas - March 2014 to Presento Contract attorney document review and discovery work in regard to various business litigation, construction law, and financial services litigation.o Provide legal advice in regard to civil litigation and business law matters.Associate DirectorEbisu Corporation - Los Angeles, CA - December 2010 to January 2014Pricing negotiations and execution of contracts with for financial services company.o Drafting and analysis of contracts, including with strategic partners and confidentiality agreements.o Participated in negotiation of new joint venture.o Assisted in analysis and drafting of documents to facilitate formation of 2 new companies.• Provide legal advice and counsel on transactional, compliance and government regulatory issues.o Analysis of financial services laws and regulations for states in which company conducts business.o Laws included: TILA, FCRA, FDCPA, CFPB, and OPAC.• Counseled company executives and other internal stakeholders, including Sales, Finance, Human Resources and Operations on appropriate risk and reward tradeoffs.• Advise on legal issues and risks, complex agreement structures, approval processes, company policies and procedures, and business strategy.• Oversaw lending department for new consumer loans for direct lender.o Department performed over $75,000 per week of underwriting analysis of consumer loans.o Developed a new underwriting system, which led to record corporate profits.• Integrally involved in the design of legally sound marketing campaigns• Assisted in the management of the collections department.• Advised the Human Resources department in regards employment and labor law issuesContract AttorneyAnadarko Petroleum Corporation - Houston, TX - November 2009 to December 2010Assisted General Counsel and outside attorneys to in regard to ongoing litigation matters. • Legal research and discovery work in regard to oil and gas litigation.• Interpreted and reviewed onshore and offshore contracts and leases.￼• Reviewed and interpreted leases and contracts, rights-of-way, mortgages, joint operating agreements, farm- out and farm-in agreements and other contracts pertaining to the company's drilling operations.Contract AttorneyHouston and Austin - Austin, TX - 2006 to 2007Various Law Firms and Companieso Legal Analysis in regard to various transactional law and civil litigation.Contract AttorneyHouston and Austin - Houston, TX - June 2006 to August 2006o Compliance and due diligence analysis of corporate files, including contracts, leases, and municipal bond agreements in regards to a corporate merger and acquisition.o Analysis of regulatory requirements, including SEC requirements.Associate AttorneyManning, Gosda & Arredondo, LLP - Houston, TX - January 2004 to October 2005Contract Attorney, October 2005 - March 2006o Managed insurance defense litigation cases from beginning to end, including communicating with other defense counsel, preparing disparities motions, taking depositions, attending mediations and arbitrations, contacting experts, and preparing settlement documents.o Drafted motions and reports, including deposition summaries, motion for summary judgment, and motion for continuance, regarding toxic torts, products liability, personal injury, environmental litigation, business litigation, and construction law.o Participated in numerous hearings, including docketing and discovery disputes, summary judgments, and pre-trial conferences.o Attended numerous depositions of claimants in litigation of insurance, asbestos (including mesothelioma and lung cancer claims), silica, products liability, and personal injury lawsuits.• Served as lead defense questioning attorney in more than 12 mass tort litigation depositions.o Prepare detailed legal memoranda and litigation reports regarding litigation status to firm partners.o Performed research on various matters, including insurance, business litigation, toxic torts, products liability, and personal injury issues.Associate AttorneyDodson Law Offices, PC - Beaumont, TX - January 2003 to January 2004Managed silica claims from receipt of claims to resolution.• Researched and wrote memoranda regarding toxic torts, products liability, and personal injury defense law. • Attended pre-trial hearings, including motions for continuance and motions for summary judgment.• Took numerous depositions for insurance, silica, products/premises liability, and personal injury lawsuits.• Prepared various reports and motions, including trial reports, deposition summaries, motions to dismiss, and motions for summary judgment.• Managed case files.EDUCATIONMaster of Business Administration in Consortium for Graduate StudyUniversity of Southern California, Marshall School of Business - Los Angeles, CA May 2009The University of Texas School of Law - Austin, TXJune 2008LawBaylor University - Waco, TX September 2000 to March 2002