Noelle Simmonds-DiLoretoTownship of Moon, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Noelle-Simmonds-DiLoreto/1e5dfbf461ac8c4bWORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyself employed - Pittsburgh, PA - 2007 to PresentDiLoreto Legal Services (self employed) - performing work on contract basis, including short term assignments, individual and corporate client representation. Working from home or at client locations. Performing document review for electronic discovery requests related to litigation defense for major corporations. Work also includes estate planning, taxation, divorce, general litigation matters, property tax appeals, assistance with credit score corrections and improvement, document review and preparation of contracts, real estate work and various other general practice matters.Skills include speed reading and ability to analyze contracts quickly and accurately.Manager of Corporate & Legal AffairsLevel 3 Communications, Inc - 2005 to 2007TelCove, an Adelphia spin off company. (Private Company eventually purchased by Level 3.) Attended Management, Human Resources and Employee related business and staff meetings to determine and handle legal needs associated with and related to corporate and litigation matters. Served as sole in house attorney for TelCove, Inc., that handled all HR related work (including hiring outside counsel as needed litigation outside of Pennsylvania). Developed and edited employee policies, guides, handbooks and other legal related presentations. Responsible for overseeing process and procedure of corporate pre-hire drug and alcohol screenings, criminal background checks, professional reference checks, and Department of Motor Vehicles record checks. Determine rights and responsibilities of corporation relating to pre-hire and post-hire testing results and determine employment eligibility. Assist to recruit and retain most talented employees through system of competitive pay, benefits and incentives. Assisted to integrate approximately 100 new employees into corporation as a result of corporate M&A activity. Encourage and facilitate corporate compliance with EEO and AA standards and requirements.Decreased legal risk for corporation by developing a state by state quick reference guide for Human Resources Managers relating to compliance with state and federal employment law. Guide includes minimum wage, lunch and break requirements for employeesapplicable state or federal law applying to withholding money from paychecks and/or final paychecksright to work laws and exceptionsexempt, non-exempt, hourly and salary status requirementsvacation, holiday and sick pay policiesFMLA rulesovertime pay rules and other related information that often varies from state to state. Work with Human Resources team to settle EEOC and/or PHRC claims, Unemployment Compensation Appeal Hearings, employment related mediations and arbitrations. Also assist to recruit, discipline and terminate employees and review performance improvement plans. Continually revise corporate policies, agreements, supervisor's guide and company handbook. Effectively manage all litigation by controlling costs of outside counsel and continuously working pro-actively to settle and resolve issues before a suit is filed. Track all litigation and potential litigation matters for General Counsel. Represent and prepare employees for testifying under oath in depositions and other court related matters. Write and file answers to complaints, comply with subpoenas, and requests for information or production of documents.Corporate Counsel￼Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel Corporation - 2003 to 2005Assisted the company in completion and successful emergence from Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Work involved successful renegotiation of hundreds of contracts. Managed and reported to Executive Management, status of all litigation, claims, potential litigation and disputes. Worked with Human Resources and Corporate Union Manager to abide by terms and conditions of steel workers union contracts.Eventually successfully renegotiated union contract through bankruptcy court process. Fought Pension Guarantee Board from taking union employee pensions and was able to successfully appeal previous decision and pensions were returned to WPSC to manage. Pensions were preserved and not extinguished through bankruptcy process, thus making union representatives very pleased and willing to make other concessions. Served as sole in-house counsel for over one year. Worked with outside counsel to manage bankruptcy, litigation and all company matters while preserving a legal budget. Assessed and reported to management suggestions for litigation settlement that resulted in significant savings to the company. Assisted company convert from private to public. Collected over $3,000,000 upon successful litigation of several cases plus collected over $1,500,000 in preference payments (without use of outside counsel). Recovered for the first time and company can continue to recover significant amounts of money from filing federal requests under Byrd Bill Legislation rules that allowed for foreign tariffs to be distributed yearly pro rata to steel companies. Admitted pro hac vice in various jurisdictions to manage litigation. Attended employment related hearings and assisted with employment disputes in Ohio, West Virginia and Pennsylvania.National Sales Contract Manager - (promotion from Staff Attorney)Crown Castle USA, Inc - 1999 to 2003Ensure company's compliance with regard to National Contracts with key accounts. Interpret contract provisions of Master Sales Leases and Licenses. Work with financially distressed customers to ensure revenue maximization for company. Meet with inside and outside counsel to discuss and strategize contract implementation and change. Served as Chairman of multiple National Unsecured Creditors Committees. Assisted counsel and financial advisors to implement reorganization plans for companies in bankruptcy. Staff Attorney (promotion from Asset Manager)Responsible for tracking and management of all dispute and litigation cases and act as liaison with outside counsel regarding analysis of claims and status reporting to executive management, reduce risk for company and optimize company interests by performing cost benefit analysis and balancing interests to best serve the corporation. Manage and maintain outside counsel budget and decisions to litigate versus engage in serious settlement discussions. Successfully saved company millions of dollars by successfully defending large lawsuits. Created company policy and procedure and assisted with implementation. Clients included employees, human resources personnel and executive management team. Corporate legal structure changed drastically after company went from private to public and significantly increased in size through multiple acquisitions. Served as sole staff attorney reporting to General Counsel when originally promoted. Assisted General Counsel in creating job descriptions and positions for eventually six additional lawyers. Assisted in drafting outside counsel budget guidelines and billing procedures, as well as outside counsel policies to ensure consistency throughout the corporation in the United States. Present day, Crown Castle has a large in house legal team and has expanded into Europe and Australia.Asset ManagerManaged team of temporary paralegals and contract lawyers to assess potential and integrate actual company acquisitions. Inform and report to executive management regarding all changes in rights and responsibilities involving company assets. Management of multiple databases to track and manage assets. Assistance and support for nationwide sales organization, site acquisition representatives, project managers and vice- presidents.EDUCATIONJ.D. in LawDuquesne University Law School - Pittsburgh, PA 1998BA in Pre-LawUniversity of Central Florida - Orlando, FL 1995ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONQUALIFICATIONSExperienced in most major areas of corporate law, especially extensive contract review and preparation, mergers and acquisitions and swift growth and/or consolidation opportunities, that are financially beneficial for corporate structures. Served as in-house corporate counsel for over eight years. Emphasis on Human Capital, as well as M&A activities. Assisted Executive Management Team and Human Resource Departments with legal work relating to all areas of employee hiring, retention, promotion, discipline, incentive, termination, layoff, resignation, contracts and other legal duties related to corporate employees. Worked with corporations in active merger and acquisition mode. Also worked with union and non-union corporations, fostering and improving positive managerial relations with employees to avoid the need for extensive contracts and/or representation. Ensured corporate compliance with EEO, AA, and NLRA requirements and responsibilities, including corporate responsibilities due to having many government contracts and contractors. Supervisory skills include organizing and managing a team of lawyers and paralegals to perform due diligence to determine acquisition desirability. Experienced with advising and assisting management and human resources personnel in the performance of extensive pre-hire background investigations and post-employment monitoring, as necessary or upon request. Attended and represented corporations and individual corporate employees named in court hearings, EEOC, PHRC and UC hearings and appeals. Previous experience included answering Complaints, Interrogatories, Requests for Production of Documents, EEOC and PHRC Opinion Statements, and assisting corporate management employees with the same.