Pari DrouzasNew York, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Pari-Drouzas/dc66451cc5fd617bWORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyNew York, NY - 2010 to PresentAdvise corporate clients in the sale and acquisition of real estate transactions, securing finance and tax planning in connection with business development projects.• Conduct audit and compliance investigations, establish internal controls, determine risk, issue compliance management reports and reconcile results with firm wide objectives.• Prepare and negotiate security agreements, purchase and sale agreements, operating, trust and estate agreements and tax advisory memos.• Litigate civil and Supreme Court cases, including drafting summary pleadings, motions, cross motions and memoranda of law.Private client mortgage bankerJP Morgan Chase bank - New York, NY - 2010 to PresentCounsel high net worth clients in connection with residential financing in accordance with the firm's regulatory framework and mortgage policies and procedures.• Perform credit analysis of the client's credit profile, including analysis of business tax returns.• Interact effectively with senior management and third parties to successfully develop new business.• Maintain the highest pass rate for quality loan submissions and percentage fund rate, among peers.AttorneyLaw Office of Pari Drouzas - New York, NY - 2002 to 2010Negotiated the purchase and sale of residential and commercial real estate, including drafting security and loan agreements and operating and business formation documents.• Advised clients in matters of estate planning, to minimize estate and gift taxes and maximize tax exemptions, to protect assets from creditors and lawsuits.• Owned and operated Park West Funding Corp., a wholesale mortgage broker, specializing in residential, commercial and construction financing.AttorneyHahn & Hessen LLP - New York, NY - 2000 to 2002Collaborated with firm's trusts and estate, finance and bankruptcy groups to restructure troubled loans by modifying existing mortgages and secure financing with alternative real estate assets.AttorneyNYC Economic Development Corporation - New York, NY - 1997 to 2000Negotiated municipal financing and real estate development projects for City of New York's primary economic development entity (EDC), by providing applicants access to triple-tax exempt bond financing, mortgage recording and sales tax exemptions and real estate tax abatements.AttorneyBrecher, Fishman, Feit, Heller & Tannenbaum, P.C - New York, NY - 1991 to 1996Advocated workers' compensation cases before administrative law judges and appellate board commissioners.￼EDUCATIONJuris DoctorQuinnipiac University School of Law - Hamden, CT May 1991Bachelor of Science in FinanceSt. John's University January 1985