Patricia GarcíaAttorney - Patricia Toledo García Law Office- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Patricia-Garcia/206213cc3751efbbWORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyPatricia Toledo García Law Office - Caguas, P.R., US - May 2014 to Presentat Law - Public Notary• As a Notary Public, write and authorized public documents such as: Trust, Wills, Mortgage, Cancelation of Mortgage, Power of Attorney and more.• Freelance legal consultant and legal researcher for private companies and individuals.• Interview clients, legal investigation, case discovery, write legal documents and opinions. • Civil case litigation with practice area in: Real Estate and Urban Development,Property Registry, Bank and Mortgage, Inheritance, Family, Contracts, Torts and more.L.L.M. InternProperty Registry - Barcelona, Barcelona - January 2011 to April 2011Review every document presented at the Property Registry.• Work side by side with the Property Registrator on the approval and registration of each document.AttorneyPatricia Toledo García Law Office - Caguas, P.R., US - June 2007 to October 2010at Law - Public Notary• Attorney and Public Notary for Wall Street Mortgage Bankers: review all legalaspects of every mortgage loan application and authorized the public documentsrequired for the closing transaction.• Work as a freelance legal consultant and legal researcher for private companies and individuals. • Civil cases litigation: Real Estate and Urban Development, Property Registry,Mortgage, Inheritance, Family, Contracts, Torts and more.• Legal investigations, case discovery, write legal documents and opinions.• As a Notary Public, write and authorized public documents such as: Trust, Wills,Mortgage, Cancelation of Mortgage, Power of Attorney and more.Attorney at Law - Notary PublicBufete Toledo & Toledo - San Juan, PR - March 2006 to June 2007Freelance legal consultant and legal researcher for private companies and individuals.• Civil cases litigation with practice concentrated in Real State Law, ConstructionLaw, Contract Law, Administrative Law, Banking and Mortgage Law, Commercial and Corporate Law, Family Law, Property Registry Law, Inheritance Law and more.• Interview clients, legal investigation, case discovery, write legal documents and opinions.• As a Notary Public, write and authorized public documents such as: Trust, Wills,Mortgage, Cancelation of Mortgage, Power of Attorney and more.Legal CounselPUCPR Legal Aid Clinic - Ponce, P.R., US - 2004 to 2004 Criminal Law litigation, cases of felony and misdemeanor.￼• Interview with clients, fulfill legal investigation, write legal documents and appear before court accompany by Attorney-Professor.Legal CounselPUCPR Legal Aid Clinic - Ponce, P.R., US - 2003 to 2003Civil Law litigation, mostly in the area of family law.• Interview with clients, fulfill legal investigation, write legal documents and appear before court accompany by Attorney-Professor.EDUCATIONJuris Doctor in LawUniversidad Francisco Vitoria of Madrid - Madrid, Madrid August 2014 to PresentPhD in real estatePompeu Fabra University - Barcelona, Barcelona 2012 to PresentLaw in Ministry of EducationUniversidad Francisco de Vitoria - Madrid, Madrid 2014Master's in LawPompeu Fabra University - Barcelona, Barcelona 2011 to 2012LL.M.Pompeu Fabra University - Barcelona, Barcelona 2010 to 2011Master in Real Estate LawPontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico, School of Law Ponce - Ponce, P.R., US 2002 to 2004B. A. in Public CommunicationsUniversity of Puerto Rico 1998 to 2001