Patricia Kraft Civil Trial LawyerIndialantic, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Patricia-Kraft/97ae35cd3454e61cWORK EXPERIENCECivil Trial LawyerJames L. Torres, PA & Kim W. Torres - Melbourne, FL - 2011 to April 2014Torres Mediation ServicesLegal SecretaryResponsible for information-management support and representing attorneys to clients and others:* Receptionist greeting guests and clients in person or via phone. Answered, or directed, inquiries.* Prepared invoices, tracked payments, maintained office supplies, and placed/expedited orders.* Drafted letters and documents. Collected and analyzed information. Sustained confidentiality.* Researched, reviewed, verified, and routed correspondence, reports, and legal documents.* Maintained attorney calendar: recorded as well as monitored court appearance dates, pleadings, and filing requirements. Planned and scheduled conferences and meetings.Office ManagerNew Look Construction - Indialantic, FL - 2000 to 2011Managed small, family-owned, home remodeling (additions, decks, kitchens, bathrooms etc.) business: * Duties included preparing the books, A/P & A/R, scheduling work, and negotiating with suppliers.Stay-At-Home-Mom: Managed family's schedules, logistics, and finances; created and implemented budget; monitored academic performance, planned/co-supervised extracurricular activities and more.Office Manager: Responsibilities at Midwest Capital Group ranged from computerized accounting, payroll and payroll taxes, and financial statements for two companies to filing and phone inquiries.Job Consultant/Case Manager: Oversaw the care and treatment of disabled consumers including job skills and needs; consulted with and trained employers; prepared monthly reports for funding sources.Accountant: Responsibilities for Nordyne, Inc. included maintaining fixed asset records, monitoring all capital appropriations, financial statements, and coordinating leased vehicles acquisition to disposition.Cost Accountant: Maintained Coca-Cola Enterprises production costs, prepared/analyzed financial statements, reconciled accounts, annual budget; contact for production facilities and supervised staff.Volunteer: St. Vincent's Psychiatric Division of DePaul Hospital, MO• Highly Ethical and Confidential •EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Business AdministrationUniversity of Missouri - St. Louis, MO￼AnatomyUniversity of Central Florida - College of Nursing - Cocoa, FLMedicalEastern Florida State College - Cocoa, FLADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCOMPUTER PROFICIENCYMicrosoft Office Suite: Word, Excel, PowerPoint; QuickBooks; Accounting and Industry-Specific Software