Quentin JonesAttorney - The Law Office of Quentin C. JonesDacula, GA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Quentin-Jones/a05dc1cf50fe32d0Attorney - 10+ yrs of total legal experience. Licensed in New York and Georgia. 7 yrs of Public Sector legal experience. 9 yrs of Private Sector Law firm experience. Areas of specialty: Criminal Law - 10 yrs of Prosecution and Defense experience including, but not limited to Narcotics, Murder, Rape, Robbery, DUI and criminal cases. Highly skilled in all phases of litigation including: drafting all pleadings, Motion Hearings, Pre-Trial Plea Negotiations and Trials. Civil Law - 10 yrs of experience including: General Civil litigation; Contract Law: drafting and reviewing Commercial and Residential Real Estate lease agreements and Loan Closing documents; Employment Law: drafting and reviewing employment and severance agreements, EEOC guidelines and employment discrimination; Family Law: Divorce and Child Support; Collections. Trial Experience: 8 yrs Civil trials, and 10 yrs Criminal trials. Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyThe Law Office of Quentin C. Jones - Dacula, GA - May 2012 to PresentPrivate practice law firm specializing in Criminal Defense, Civil Litigation, Family Law and Employment Law.• Criminal Defense: represented clients in misdemeanor and felony cases, arraignments, pre-trial motion hearings and trials. Drafted pre-trial motion documents, discovery pleadings, and negotiated plea agreements when appropriate.• Family Law: handled all phases of divorces, child support and child custody cases including hearings and trials.• Employment Law: drafted and reviewed employment contracts and severance agreements. Provided client consultation on employment discrimination and EEOC guideline issues and represented clients in employment discrimination cases• Real Estate: reviewed mortgage loan documents and reviewed and drafted residential and commercial lease agreements.• Contracts: reviewed franchise agreements and drafted contracts.• Collections: negotiated settlements for debts owed.• Responsible for all phases of Civil litigation: all pleadings, motions and briefs, discovery, hearings, depositions, settlements, and trials.• Contract/Project attorney for various document review projects at several law firms in Atlanta, GA.AttorneyPromontory Financial Group - Atlanta, GA - July 2012 to January 2013Performed reviews of foreclosed mortgages with several of the top U.S. Banks from 2008 to present for instances of financial injury to borrowers and for compliance with federal and state legislation, and investor guidelines. Followed project guidelines as determined by directives from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. Long term contract/project through Special Counsel, Atlanta, GA.AttorneyParu Selvam Group Of Enterprise - Norcross, GA - January 2010 to April 2012￼Responsible for all phases of civil litigation including but not limited to: Complaints, Answers, Motions and Discovery pleadings, Briefs, Depositions, Privilege Logs, Hearings, Settlement negotiations, Trials, Post- judgment proceedings and Appeals.AttorneyDeming, Parker, Hoffman, Campbell & Daly - Lawrenceville, GA - October 2002 to October 2009 Private practice law firm specializing in Criminal Defense, Civil Litigation, Family Law and Employment Law.• Criminal Defense: represented clients in misdemeanor and felony cases, arraignments, pre-trial motion hearings and trials. Drafted pre-trial motion documents, discovery pleadings, and negotiated plea agreements when appropriate.• Family Law: drafted child support modification documents and represented clients at child support modification hearings and trials.• Employment Law: drafted and reviewed employment contracts and severance agreements. Provided client consultation on employment discrimination and EEOC guideline issues and represented clients in employment discrimination cases• Real Estate: reviewed mortgage loan documents and reviewed and drafted residential and commercial lease agreements.• Contracts: reviewed franchise agreements and drafted contracts.• Responsible for all phases of Civil litigation: all pleadings, motions and briefs, discovery, hearings, depositions, settlements, and trials.AttorneyDeming, Parker, Hoffman, Campbell & Daly - Norcross, GA - May 2000 to January 2002Large, high-volume, fast paced law firm. Administered legal advice, reviewed and drafted legal documents and represented clients in court in the following areas:• Drafted and reviewed commercial and residential Real Estate lease agreements. Reviewed mortgage loan closing documents. Negotiated loan modification agreements for clients.• Family Law Divorce orders and child support orders and modifications.• Employment Law contracts, severance agreements, Employment Discrimination and EEOC guidelines.• Civil Litigation - reviewed and drafted Answers and Complaints, all motions and Discovery pleadings, briefs, settlement negotiations and represented clients in court including trials.• Criminal Law - advised clients on criminal matters and represented clients in court including trials.• Collections and consumer finance law.Assistant District AttorneyFulton County District Attorney's Office - Atlanta, GA - September 1999 to April 2000Managed large case load in high-volume, high-profile Prosecutor's office.• Authorized Felony Charges by conducting the following activities:o Interviewed and took statements from victims, witnesses and police officers.o Analyzed police reports, supporting documentation, crime scene evidence and lab test results. • Drafted Indictments and Accusations.• Appeared in Court on Motion, Bond and Extradition Hearings.• Negotiated Plea agreements for the Plea and Arraignment Calendars in Superior Court.AttorneyU.S. Small Business Administration - Atlanta, GA - October 1998 to March 1999Federal government agency responsible for dispersing loans to victims of disasters. Provided disaster site legal consultation.• Reviewed loan closing documents.• Conducted over 300 loan closings for homeowners and businesses.• Disbursed several million dollars in loan agreements.• Determined loan eligibility of potential borrowers by analyzing income, profits, debts, and liabilities.Assistant District AttorneyKings County District Attorney's Office - Brooklyn, NY - October 1993 to October 1996New York City high-volume, high-profile Prosecutor's office.• Indicted over 300 cases including Murder, Rape, Robbery, Burglary, Grand Larceny and Narcotics in Brooklyn Supreme Court.• Authorized Felony and Misdemeanor charges by conducting the following activities:o Interviewed and took statements from victims, witnesses and police officers.o Videotaped Defendant statements.o Analyzed police reports, supporting documentation, crime scene evidence and lab test results.• Drafted misdemeanor and felony complaints and search warrants.• Managed a criminal court caseload including: Arraignments, Pre-Trial Motions and Hearings, Discovery, Plea Negotiations and Bench Trials for misdemeanor cases.• Legal Lives Program Instructor - taught anti-crime curriculum to middle school children.EDUCATIONJuris DoctorThe University of Akron School of Law - Akron, OH 1989 to 1993B.S in Industrial and Labor RelationsCornell University - Ithaca, NY 1981 to 1985