Rebecca Cook AttorneyMilwaukee, WI - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rebecca-Cook/f09387ce11feb321• Motivated self-starter with experience in diverse areas of law, who performs well independently and as part of a team.• Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communicator.• Skilled legal researcher; adept at factual and legal interpretation and analysis.WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyManpowerGroup US, Inc - Milwaukee, WI - November 2013 to December 2014Advised internal staff and branch staff on employment law and other employee issues, and participated in monthly meetings to provide advice, direction, and process planning to the Manpower Employee Resource Center.• Reviewed indemnification language and client requests for indemnification to address trigger of duty.• Managed investigations and responded to claims from the EEOC and state equivalent agencies, the US Department of Labor and state labor departments, and OSHA and local agencies acting on behalf of OSHA. • Negotiated settlements in a variety of types of claims.• Researched and drafted position statements for claims of discrimination made before the EEOC and local agency equivalents.• Member of ManpowerGroup US management team.General CounselVerona, WI - October 2009 to November 2013Prepared corporate documents and filings, including PEO registrations, in 29 states.• Drafted, reviewed, and negotiated contracts with clients, vendors, and PEO employees, including client service agreements, non-disclosure and non-compete agreements.• Researched and drafted position statements for claims before the EEOC and local agencies.• Represented the company in all unemployment compensation hearings in Wisconsin.• Monitored legislation in 29 states and federal legislation to ensure internal compliance, including: wage and hour laws, anti-discrimination laws, and developed internal and external policies for implementation of new laws or changes to law.• Collaborated with and provided advice and counsel to human resources generalists on matters including: compliance, policy development and implementation, hiring, discipline, termination, grievances, and employment and severance agreements.• Developed and presented compliance seminars for clients and employees.Independent ContractorSupreme Court of Wisconsin - Milwaukee, WI - August 2007 to October 2009Conducted legal research and drafted briefs, motions, and correspondence to courts as contracted for by various civil and criminal attorneys including: appellate briefs, petitions to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin, dispositive motions, stop and post-conviction motions, briefs for circuit court review of probation and parole revocation, and municipal proceedings.Staff Counsel￼First Judicial District of Wisconsin - Milwaukee, WI - May 2000 to August 2003Conducted legal research and wrote memoranda for various civil branches of the First Judicial District for dispositive motions.• Attended motion hearings and wrote decisions for dispositive motions at court's request.• Wrote decisions for certiorari review of municipal court trials, probation and parole revocations, and other administrative proceedings.• Conducted scheduling conferences and assisted with trials including: pretrial motions, jury instructions, and acted as bailiff during jury selection and deliberations.• Conducted legal research, wrote memoranda, and motion decisions for felony and misdemeanor courts as requested.Law Clerk, Wisconsin Department of JusticeCriminal Appeals - Madison, WI - June 1999 to August 1999Conducted legal research and wrote the State's briefs to the Court of Appeals.• Conducted legal research and wrote memos used to prepare State's briefs in opposition to federal habeas petitions.Law ClerkChernov, Stern, & Burbach, S.C - Milwaukee, WI - May 1998 to February 1999Drafted simple wills, revocable trusts, and powers of attorney. • Drafted probate forms and motions.• Prepared summons and complaints and discovery requests. • Conducted legal research, wrote memoranda, and briefs.• Assisted family law counsel with filings, briefs, and deposition preparation.Legal AssistantBlumenfeld, Rose & deJong, S.C - Brookfield, WI - August 1995 to July 1997Drafted wills, trusts, powers of attorney, and marital property agreements. • Drafted and recorded deeds and mortgages.• Prepared and filed all probate documents.• Funded estate plans.Researcher/DrafterGarvey, Schubert & Barer, S.C - Washington, DC - January 1995 to August 1995Conducted research for and assisted in the drafting of, several bills presented in the House of Representatives. • Tracked pending legislation and attended committee mark-up sessions and hearings.EDUCATIONJuris DoctorMarquette University Law School - Milwaukee, WI 2000Bachelor of Arts in International Relations/GermanCarroll College - Waukesha, WI 1991