Robert HudockExperinced Employment Litigation and Counseling AttorneyVenice, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Robert-Hudock/535ee2e5dc24cea1WORK EXPERIENCEAttorney - Employment and Business Litigation and ConsultingRobert J. Hudock, Attorney - Los Angeles, CA - February 2015 to PresentDefend employers and organizations in employment, directors and officers, and business litigation. Advise employers and organizations regarding employment, business, and corporate issues.Attorney - Employment Litigation and Counseling; Directors and Officers Litigation and CounselingKaufman Borgeest & Ryan LLP - Calabasas, CA - September 2013 to February 2015● Litigation - Independently manage defense of employers in California and federal class action and individual employment and directors and officers litigation, arbitration, and administrative adjudication (e.g., wage and hour, harassment, discrimination,retaliation, FMLA/CFRA, wrongful termination, unfair competition), including investigation, budgeting, discovery, strategy development and execution, factual and legal analysis, extensive motion work, defense team coordination, negotiation, trial preparation, and appeals. Defend organizations and management in business litigation. Supervise and train 2-4 attorneys. Develop and maintain client, counsel, insurer, and co-worker relationships.● Counseling - Partner with employers regarding employment administration (e.g., discipline, termination, leave, employee classification); compliance (e.g., handbook/policy analysis and preparation; wage and hour audits and compliance); and transactional matters (e.g., various agreements; legal correspondence).● Results - Obtained summary judgment in two federal disability discrimination matters following EEOC reasonable cause determinations issued while defended by other counsel. Successfully demurred to multiple complaints/causes of action. Developed wage and hour data analysis methodology resulting in decreased costs and favorable resolutions. Favorably resolved numerous class action and individual matters through negotiation and mediation.Prevented employment claims through proper policies/procedures, early identification of issues, and reasoned strategies. Secured repeat business based on litigation performance and interpersonal/communication skills.Volunteer AttorneyElder Law & Advocacy; San Diego Volunteer Lawyers Program - San Diego, CA - June 2013 to August 2013Counseled and assisted senior and underserved citizens in various litigation and transactional matters.Senior Counsel - Employment Litigation and Counseling; Civil LitigationPettit Kohn Ingrassia & Lutz PC - San Diego, CA - June 2009 to July 2013● Litigation - Independently managed defense of employers in class action and individual employment litigation, arbitration, and administrative adjudication from inception through resolution, including extensive discovery and motion practice, negotiation, trial preparation, and appeals. Conducted business litigation (directors and officers liability, legal malpractice). Supervised attorneys and staff. Developed and maintained client, counsel, insurer, and co-worker relationships. Effectively communicated with all levels of internal and external clients.● Counseling - Partnered with employers regarding employment administration, compliance, and ongoing litigation issues. Prepared employment documents (e.g., policies, agreements, legal correspondence).￼● Results - Prosecuted high-profile business litigation complaint involving complex insurance policy analysis, and obtained substantial settlement. Conducted DLSE wage and hour trial, with very favorable results.Associate - Labor and Employment Practice GroupMorgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP - Los Angeles, CA - July 2007 to June 2009● Wage and Hour Class Action Defense and Counseling - Defended employers in federal and state wage and hour class action litigation. Analyzed extensive documents; interviewed witnesses; and prepared case assessments, class certification oppositions, mediation briefs, and summary judgment motions. Audited national client's wage and hour practices, including comprehensive reports with recommendations.● Individual Employment Claim Defense and Counseling - Managed employers' defense in individual employment litigation, arbitration, and administrative adjudication. Performed all litigation and client/counsel relations tasks from inception through resolution, including strategy development, litigation management, trial preparation, and settlement. Counseled employers on litigation and employment issues.● Results - Obtained dismissal of federal declaratory relief action by software client's competitor seeking declaration effectively invalidating client's non-compete agreements nationwide. Negotiated very favorable settlements.Associate - Employment Litigation and CounselingPaul, Plevin, Sullivan & Connaughton LLP - San Diego, CA - March 2005 to July 2007● Litigation - Defended employers against individual and class action employment claims in state and federal courts and administrative tribunals. Independently managed defense preparation from inception through resolution, including maintenance of client/counsel relationships, investigations and discovery, preparing and arguing pleadings and motions, and resolving matters through negotiations, mediations, administrative hearings, and trial.● Counseling - Counseled employers regarding employment issues, litigation issues, and transactional documents.● Results - Independently managed employer's defense and prosecution of cross-complaint in high-risk, complex employment litigation from inception through trial - supervised team of attorneys, investigators, paralegals, and staff; conducted trial (three-week jury trial and two bench trials); obtained verdicts for client on complaint and cross-complaint; obtained compensatory and punitive damages on cross-complaint; and recovered costs.Associate - Products Liability and Business LitigationMorris, Polich & Purdy LLP - San Diego, CA - October 2003 to March 2005Performed all aspects of business, products liability, and personal injury litigation in state and federal courts, including all forms of discovery and successful dispositive motions and appellate briefs.Associate (2000 – 2003); Law Clerk (1999 – 2000) - Products Liability, Construction, and Business LitigationMcAtee Harmeyer LLP - San Diego, CA - February 1999 to October 2003Defended clients in business, contract, partnership, construction, products liability, and personal injury litigation. Prosecuted business litigation complaints in contract disputes, fee collection actions, indemnity actions, and a complex trade secrets action. Prepared pleadings, discovery, and legal opinions. Conducted depositions and negotiated settlements. Prepared motions and appellate briefs, including all briefs for California Supreme Court matter.Judicial Extern to the Honorable Richard D. HuffmanCalifornia Court of Appeal, Fourth District, Division One - San Diego, CA - June 1999 to August 1999 Researched and drafted appellate opinions for Justice Huffman in criminal and civil cases.EDUCATIONJuris DoctorUniversity of San Diego School of Law - San Diego, CA 1997 to 2000ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONInterests/Activities - Competitive triathlete, mountaineer, health and fitness.