Robert BrooksCleveland, OH - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Robert-Brooks/c5dfea00e56f66eeWORK EXPERIENCEAttorney/OwnerBROOKS LEGAL, ATTORNEY AT LAW - Cleveland, OH - February 2010 to PresentStaff AttorneyLegal Aid Society of Cleveland - Cleveland, OH - February 2008 to January 2010Attorney/OwnerPrivate Practice - Cleveland, OH - July 1991 to February 2008Associate CounselGREATER CLEVELAND REGIONAL TRANSIT AUTHORITY - Cleveland, OH - November 1988 to July 1991EDUCATIONJuris Doctorate in LawCASE WESTERN RESERVE UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF LAW - Cleveland, OHB.A. in HistoryCASE WESTERN RESERVE UNIVERSITY - Cleveland, OHSKILLSAREAS OF DEMONSTRATED ABILITY: Bankruptcy Case Planning/Execution Civil and Criminal Litigation Civil Rights Domestic Relations Employment Law ERISA Family Law Foreclosure Defense Healthcare Law Juvenile Law Labor Relations Mediation and Alternative Dispute Resolution Negotiation, Persuasion and Communication Productivity and Efficiency Improvement Probate Law Performance Management Problem Solving /Decision Making Real Estate Law Sales, Marketing and Media Relations Safety and Regulatory Compliance Strategic Planning and Leadership ACHIEVEMENTS: A widespread scope of responsibility, established successes, and a substantial record of delivering optimal results in high-volume practice that has included extensive jury trials, hearings, pre-trials and appearances in court.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONExtensive experience with representing clients in:Criminal and Civil Litigation in Federal, Common Pleas and Municipal Court.Foreclosure cases including Mediation Hearings and Negotiations with lender representatives and attorneys.Defense of client in an ERISA action against claims of negligent exercise of fiduciary responsibility in federal court regarding management of several union locals healthcare plans￼100 count indictment involving identity theft, fraud, unauthorized use of a computer and Ohio's Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations ("RICO") statute.Juvenile Court charged with multiple and complex counts, including murder, criminal gang activity, drug trafficking, burglary, theft, felonious assault and arson.Domestic Relations cases.Personal injury cases/settlements involving several insurance companies and conflict of law issues.Jury trial involving non-compete clause in physician employment contract.Federal court cases involving copyright infringement and intellectual property relating to the music industry.Plaintiff in Americans with Disabilities Act in federal court against municipal subdivision.Lead negotiator for a nonprofit client with more than 100 employees in the negotiation of a collective bargaining agreement with the Teamsters Union.Formulated guidelines to identify, inventory and assess real property assets and liabilities in order to streamline the efficient management of the real estate properties for governmental client.Conducted a review and analysis of client’s real estate taxes and exemptions for a municipal subdivision.Responsible for real estate transactions including directing negotiations with various city, state and county governmental agencies, commercial for-profit entities, non-profit entities and public/private partnerships regarding real estate transactions involving the Greater Cleveland Regional Transit Authority ("RTA").Contract negotiations inclusive of preparation, review and analysis of real estate purchase agreements, deeds, commercial leases, promissory notes, easements, rights-of-way, air rights and licenses.Advising and reviewing RTA staff with procurement and purchasing matters, including the evaluation and analysis of RTA's contracting and procurement practices to assure compliance with federal, state and RTA guidelines and procedures.Providing legal advice and counsel to the RTA Board of Trustees, including the drafting of Board resolutions and attendance at general board meetings and board committee meetings.Analyzing and interpreting the Ohio Revised Code and United States Code relative to procurement, real estate and transit issues.Computer literate with various software applications, time management, client billing, financial bookkeeping and legal docketing systems.Represented asphalt manufacturing client in trial against alleged EPA violations. (Tried to Judge, Verdict pending)Represented client successfully with a Blood Alcohol Concentration test result of .096 at Suppression Hearing with a dismissal outcome.BAR MEMBERSHIP:Admitted to practice before the:United States Court of Appeals, Sixth CircuitUnited States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Ohio Supreme Court of OhioPERSONAL AFFILIATIONS:2008 - Present Board Member, Court Community Services, Inc.1996 -1999 Member, Board of Trustees, Lexington-Bell Community Center2005 - Present President, Board of Trustees, Lexington-Bell Community Center 2007 - 2012 Vice President, North Coast Youth Football Conference, Inc.2012 – Present Board Member, North Coast Youth Football Conference, Inc. 2006 - 2010 Head Coach, South Euclid/Lyndhurst Youth Football League Gators 1997 - 2005 Head Coach, Cobra’s Police Activities League Youth Football Team 1987 Member, Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc.References & Supplemental Documentation Furnished Upon Request