Russell Sahlin Litigation AttorneyTurlock, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Russell-Sahlin/a4458f6ca6139ae4Highly knowledgeable Attorney with wide-ranging career encompassing personal injury, criminal defense, landlord/tenant law, real estate, and trust/probate issues. Extensive experience in complex civil litigation and transactional matters. Tenacious litigator with expertise in investigation, trial preparation, and document production/analysis. Certified mediator with broad background in alternative dispute resolution and demonstrated negotiation capabilities. Strong communication and organizational skills, proven ability to collaborate effectively with multidisciplinary teams, and talent for managing heavy caseloads. Specialties include:Legal Research & Writing ▫ Litigation Strategy ▫ Case Management ▫ Staff Training & Development Client Relations ▫ Leadership & Teambuilding ▫ Community Outreach ▫ Contract / Settlement Negotiation Arbitration ▫ Law & Motion ▫ Unlawful Detainer ▫ Estate Planning / Administration ▫ Microsoft Office SuiteWORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyBerg Injury Lawyers - Modesto, CA - November 2001 to May 2013at law (Litigation Attorney). Supervisor of Modesto Litigation Department for 10 years. Areas of practice: Personal injury law, social security disability claims. Extensive experience handling all aspects of personal injury lawsuits, including civil trials, mediations, arbitrations, mandatory settlement conferences, and law and motion.Litigaiton Attorney/Supervising AttorneyBerg Injury Lawyers - Modesto, CA - November 2001 to April 2013Originally hired to establish and organize litigation department for Modesto office. Presided over day-to- day operations, ultimately supervising staff of 3 litigation attorneys, 3 secretaries, and 2 support personnel. Facilitated training for new attorneys and provided coaching regarding trial preparation and litigation strategy. Held full authority over settlements and personally handled more than 100 files per month including interaction with defense firms, legal research and writing, and presentation of cases at jury trials, arbitrations, and mediations.Retained following reorganization of firm-wide litigation department of 80-employee law firm experiencing rapid growth and assigned 60+ cases per month. Managed personal injury claims facing litigation and/or binding arbitration. Handled client relations and exchanges with opposing counsel, reported to supervising litigation attorney, and presented cases at mediation, arbitration, and jury trials.Associate Real Estate BrokerBerg Injury Lawyers - 2004 to 2007Worked in real estate sales and assisted other sales agents in completing their real estate transactions.AttorneyGriffith & Farace - Modesto, CA - October 2000 to October 2001Business litigation, real estate litigation, transactional law, personal injury law. Extensive handling of litigation files and court and jury trials pertaining to business transactions and real property transactions.Attorney￼Copbenbarger & Associates - Santa Ana, CA - June 1999 to October 2000Probate & trust litigation; business & contract litigation, probate & trust administration, real property law, landlord/tenant (mobile home park) law, appellate/writ practice, employment law, extensive law & motion & research. Extensive and aggressive practice in litigation of trust, probate & business disputes.AttorneyLaw Offices of Bruce R. Menke & Associates - Long Beach, CA - July 1995 to June 1999Criminal defense (juvenile/adult), real property law, landlord/tenant law, personal injury, appellate/writ experience, probate, and business litigation. Juvenile criminal (25) & jury trials (3), unlawful detainer trials (174), , extensive law & motion & research experience, depositions, arbitrations, and settlement negotiations. Handled over 185 juvenile criminal defense cases, extensive unlawful detainer caseload, personal injury cases, and extensive business litigation file management.Associate AttorneyLaw Offices of Michael J. Kurz - Long Beach, CA - January 1994 to June 1995Plaintiff's personal injury (extensive experience), extensive law & motion & research, appellate/writ experience, probate and estate planning, and criminal defense (adult & juvenile) cases. Handled over 100 personal injury files, depositions, arbitrations. Handled over 150 criminal defense cases including criminal court (7), & jury trials (2), civil bench trial (1), and juvenile fitness hearings (10). 2nd chair attorney on special circumstances death penalty case.AttorneyLaw Offices of Charles Downing - June 1991 to November 1993Law Clerk (9/90 - 6/91). Areas of practice: Criminal defense, appellate/writ practice, personal injury practice, probate and estate planning, family law & general and business & civil litigation. Criminal court trials (1), arbitrations, depositions, extensive law & motion & research experience. Handled over 100 adult & juvenile criminal defense cases, as well as extensive civil case load. As law clerk, responsible for managing flow of seven death penalty cases.Associate AttorneyLaw Offices of Charles Downing - Long Beach, CA - September 1990 to November 1993Criminal defense, appellate/writ practice, personal injury practice, probate and estate planning, family law & general and business & civil litigation. Criminal court trials (1), arbitrations, depositions, extensive law & motion & research experience. Handled over 100 adult & juvenile criminal defense cases, as well as extensive civil case load. As law clerk, responsible for managing flow of seven death penalty cases.Research DirectorWestern State University College of Law - January 1989 to May 1989 Developed and researched hypothetical case for moot court competition.Certified Law ClerkWestern State University College of Law - June 1988 to May 1989Executive EditorWestern State University College of Law - January 1988 to January 1989Executive Director (Fall 1988); Staff Member, Voted outstanding staff member (Spring 1988)EDUCATIONPepperdine University Mediation Program 2004 to PresentJuris DoctorWestern State University, College of Law - Fullerton, CA 1987 to 1990B.S. in BiochemistryUniversity of California - Irvine, CA 1973 to 1975Bachelor in Science in ChemistryUniversity of California - Irvine, CA 1973 to 1975A.S.Long Beach Community College - Long Beach, CA 1972 to 1973