Sam DonlonAttorney - Law Offices of Howard, Lee, SchiffContoocook, NH - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sam-Donlon/f16bec75206f7757WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyLaw Offices of Howard, Lee, Schiff - Nashua, NH - May 2014 to PresentRepresent creditors in Small Claims, District Division and Superior Courts on a daily basis throughout the State of New Hampshire.• Draft, review and execute pleadings, motions, and discovery on behalf of clients.• Comply with both federal and state law and keep in compliance with continually changing client-specific rules and regulations.• Drafted and implemented a training manual for Small Claims and District Court procedures for judgment and post-judgment processes for the states of Maine and New Hampshire.AttorneyJ. Miller & Associates, PLLC - Concord, NH - March 2012 to May 2014Represented clients in civil and criminal matters including divorce/family law, bankruptcy, contract disputes, landlord/tenant disputes, zoning matters, and DUI defense.• Agent for Old Republic Title Insurance Company. I performed residential real estate closings on a regular basis as well as some commercial closings.• Appeared in NH Superior Court on a semi-weekly basis for hearings and bench trials.New Hampshire, Complaint InvestigatorBureau of Developmental Services - May 2012 to May 2012May 2012 - May of 2013.• Investigated allegations of abuse and neglect on behalf of individuals who receive funding from the State of New Hampshire's Department of Health and Human Services.• Determined whether the accusations were founded or unfounded based on the Department's administrative rules.• If the accusations were founded I recommended policies and procedures that violators could institute to ensure future compliance with the Department's administrative rules.Student AttorneySouth Royalton Legal Clinic, Vermont Law School - South Royalton, VT - August 2010 to January 2011Represented clients with family law, immigration, employment law, landlord/tenant, social security benefits, and debtor/creditor issues.Real Estate AttorneyBrooke Hague Trottier, Esq - Tunbridge, VT - August 2009 to January 2011Performed residential real estate closings.• Searched and updated title.• Issued lender's and owner's title insurance policies. • Managed client files.￼EDUCATIONjuris doctor in General Practice ProgramVermont Law School - South Royalton, VT May 2011bachelor of arts in English LiteratureMassachusetts College of Liberal Arts - North Adams, MA May 1997Community Cycling Center - Portland, OR