Sandi Pack Attorney (Corporate Counsel)Brentwood, TN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sandi-Pack/7fc32f91c46414cbWORK EXPERIENCEAttorney (Corporate Counsel)Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation - Nashville, TN - June 2005 to October 2014Legal counselor to executive management, internal business units and subsidiaries in the areas of complex commercial litigation, compliance, subpoena responses, contract disputes, consumer disputes, project management, insurance, bankruptcy, transactions and product liability.Litigation management of outside counsel (domestic and international) and manager of five in-house litigation paralegals with a portfolio of 800 cases. Interpret and review policies and contracts for financial products. Support and review of processes that affect various aspects of the business, including risk management.Select and monitor outside counsel, including reviewing and drafting of litigation pleadings, settlement agreements and management of discovery requests. Report litigation costs and results to Executive Management. Maintain matter management database on active domestic and international cases and outside counsel database, including rate negotiation. Develop strategy and resolutions for pending litigation matters, including attending mediations and assisting in trial preparation with outside counsel.Specialties/Skills: Litigation Management, Risk Management, Dispute Resolution, Strong Business Acumen, Trained Negotiator, Finance, Ethics and Compliance, Legal Training, Communications, Leadership Development, General Management in Matrix Organization, Metric Development, Six Sigma, Performance Management, Cost Reduction, Strategic Planning, Vendor Management, Functional Integration and Continuous Process Improvement.BakerDonelson, Bearman, Caldwell & Berkowitz - Nashville, TN - 2000 to May 2005Primary experience in general civil litigation defense, including commercial litigation, product liability, general contract disputes and appellate practice. Extensive experience in oral argument, negotiations, client communications, depositions, legal writing and research, including preparation of various pleadings.Represented manufacturer in product liability action, which resulted in formal adoption of the economic loss doctrine in Tennessee. Tennessee Farmers Mutual Ins. Co. v. Ford Motor Co., 2002 WL 1332492 (Tenn. Ct. App. June 17, 2002)(precluding recovery in tort when a product damages only itself pursuant to the economic loss doctrine).Admissions - 2000 to 20002000United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee United States District Court for the Western District of TennesseeSummer Associate- 1999 to 1999 1999￼Assignments focused on general civil litigation, including drafting motions, research and written discoveryInternship/Associate ProducerKARK Channel - Little Rock, AR - June 1992 to August 1992On Air Announcer/Board OperatorKASU - Jonesboro, AR - March 1990 to May 1990EDUCATIONJuris DoctorUniversity of Tennessee College of Law - Knoxville, TN May 2000Certificate of Excellence in Evidence and Case DevelopmentArkansas State University - Jonesboro, AR 2000