Senna CoxLegal Administrative Assistant to City Attorney - City Attorney's OfficeKeller, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Senna-Cox/9d6bc394399faf4fI am seeking a rewarding position that utilizes my extensive administrative and paralegal experience that encourages inspiration and motivation for career advancement.WORK EXPERIENCELegal Administrative Assistant to City AttorneyCity Attorney's Office - Troy, MI - 2006 to PresentAssist with preparation of City Council Agenda items, PDF format, prepare confidential closed session items. Assist in the preparedness of the prosecution of Criminal Docket for the District court; print police incident reports from CLEMIS NetRMS case sensitive report system. Work closely to assist Troy Police Department perform duties such as; issuing criminal warrants for misdemeanor charges, subpoena, scheduling civil depositions and doing so efficiently, professionally and accurately.• Litigation involving the city, city council and police department; condemnation, Inter-Local Agreements and Contract between local cities, format updates to city ordinance amendments, doing so with limited to no supervision accurately and in a timely fashion.• Provide administrative support with the annual budget processes for City Attorney's Office, fiscal monitoring for office expenditures, updating Citizen's Academy Power Point Presentation for City Attorney's Office. Also providing administrative support for Risk Management Department, regarding casualty and property claims for restitution; also the Department of Public Works with streets, roads and sewer back up claims for restitution. Monitor Quarterly Litigation reports, always maintaining a helpful and one step ahead attitude to ensure my support was a true asset to the project at hand.• Diary time sensitive dates, confidential issues and contracts with the City of Troy, Troy Police Department and Troy City Council, with the utmost respect to privacy and laws that require confidentiality.• Maintain a paperless closed litigation file system, and maintain a cross reference data base system within the city for Consent Judgments, Planned Unit Development (PUD) Agreements, which requires absolute accuracy to ensure the paperless file system, runs efficiently.• I was appointed office representative to assist in cross-training with other departments and team coordinator for in-house charity program "Casual for a Cause", coordinate with team for post year employee nominated charities, purchasing agent for office, maintain petty cash, balance monthly charities donations, doing so with absolute accuracy, efficiency and trustworthiness.• Travel and itinerary arrangement for City Attorney, travel request requisitions, travel expense report, monthly P-Card processing. Travel and itinerary plans are always organized and purchased in the most cost effective and efficient manner possible.• Maintain several Access, Excel and spreadsheet charts. Obtain and monitor Notary bonds and expirations. Also maintain yearly office and legal subscriptions, membership dues and accounts payable for department. Doing so with limited supervision and guidance, which allows my superiors to use their time more efficiently. • Compile creative Boards and Committee reference books with current State Statute, Open Meetings Act and Freedom of Information Act utilizing in an efficient manner which allows updates as needed for monthly meetings; Notary PublicLegal AssistantNETTLOW & LYNETT, P.C - Bloomfield Hills, MI - February 2005 to April 2006￼Prepare a wide variety of Circuit Pleadings, Litigation, Quit Claim and Warrant Deeds. Estate Planning, Funding Estate and prepare various forms for funding Estate, Wills, Trust, Health Care Power of Attorney, Durable Power of Attorney, Medicaid, Divorce, and Criminal defense. Scheduling appointments, client interaction, and maintaining two calendar system doing so independently and in an efficient and accurate manner.• Assist in preparation for Medicaid and Estate Planning workshops, doing so accurately and being sure all necessary documents, books and tools are present, which enable the workshop to run smoothly.Executive Vice President Administrative AssistantKay Automotive Graphics - Lake Orion, MI - May 2003 to November 2004Provided administrative support to Executive Vice President, working independently and always thinking one step ahead, enabling me to always stay on top of what I knew needed to be done.• Maintain Three Calendar System, schedule monthly meetings, meeting minutes, preparation of Inter-Office correspondence, memos and letters. Communication with overseas sister office, travel arrangement for Domestic and International travel, doing so accurately and efficiently, to ensure time was used in the most productive manner possible.• Various sensitive and confidential matters. Respecting the strictest of confidentiality.• Maintain daily cash flow, banking and daily mutual fund activity, do so efficiently, accurately and independently; Notary PublicLegal SecretaryUAW Legal Services - Waterford, MI - April 1993 to March 2003Assistant to Six Attorneys; Prepare a wide variety of Circuit Court Pleading• Litigation, Class Action, Quit Claim and Warrant Deeds, Name changes• Consumer and Small Claims; Property Tax Disputes; Real Estate• Assistant on Family Law, Divorce, Separation and Annulment; Birth/Marriage Certificates• Assistant on Estate Planning, Wills & Trust, Power of Attorney, and Medical Power of Attorney; Notary PublicEDUCATIONAmerican Institute for Paralegal Studies - Southfield, MIADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkills Proficient in Microsoft Office XP 2013, Outlook, Access, Excel, Power Point, New World Financial Management System, Adobe Reader X, JIS Court System, CLEMIS NetRMS case sensitive report system, LibertyNET Management System, PACER (Public Access to Court Electronic Rec0rds), Internal GIS Map Date System.Senna M. Cox