Sheila Benton "Attorney Resource Center"Los Angeles, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sheila-Benton/d926b1e055bf653eWORK EXPERIENCE"Attorney Resource Center"Legal Option Group - Los Angeles, CA - January 2015 to February 20151901 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 850, Los Angeles, California 900671/2015-2/2015• Worked on assignment at Blank Rome in an environment called the ARC ("Attorney Resource Center")• Assisted attorneys with filing and serving documents in USDC-Central, Los Angeles, Torrance, Kern and Orange County Superior Courts• Set up CourtCalls• Maintained documents for the Firm through DeskSite and WorkSite systems• Scanned and maneuvered documents through ADOBE in preparation for filing with the Courts• Assembled binders for court submission (i.e., motions in limine, msj, etc.) according to the Rules of Court and the Judge's Requirements• Reserved Court Reporters for civil hearings, depositions and meet and confer conferences• Reserved conference rooms with set ups, lunches, or whatever was necessaryTemporary SecretaryGlaser Weil - 2015 to January 2015Assisted two principal partners and two associates during a period when secretary was on vacation • Duties included correspondence, submitting time sheets• Heavy telephone screening and messaging• Filed documents with the Court and affected service on the parties• Compiled a useful pleading/discovery index hyperlinking the actual document to the title through an interaction program with Outlook and Windowstemporary legal assistantBingham McCutchen/Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP - October 2014 to December 2014Assisted 2 IP partners, 2 litigation partners and 2 associates with conducting day-to-day business• Designated documents to file• Coordinated and registered attorneys and partners with credentials reflecting new affiliations, corresponding with the State Bar of California, Supreme Court, PACER, as well as the different district courts maintaining and updating the district court ECF attorney information• Assisted other secretaries as necessary• Used ChromeRiver to facilitate the processing of expenses and reimbursements for attorneys and paralegals • Used Firm's Time Entry System to submit attorney and partner timesheets• Filed documents with the 11th Circuit and various California Superior Courts• Processed and served subpoenas and discovery• Created binders (i.e., research, trial and court)Contract Legal SecretaryAgency Legal Staffing, LLC - Los Angeles, CA - September 2014 to October 2014 Worked on assignment at Pollack, Vida and Fisher as a temporary legal secretary￼• I assisted 2 partners and 3 associates with day-to-day operations• Corresponded with clients and opposition regarding range of insurance coverage through opinion letters and status reports• Processed proposed opinions and communicated with opposing side keeping the client fully informed of the process• Created new matter intact forms, obtained acknowledgements to commence service• Created files for the new matters and designated the types of clips necessary for the types of files maintained • Arranged client and opposing counsel lunches when necessary• Filed documents with Kern County Superior Court basically through fax flingContract Legal SecretaryCondon & Forsyth - March 2014 to September 2014Worked on assignment at Condon & Forsyth as a temporary legal assistant• I assisted 2 partners and 2 associates as well as 2 paralegals with the day to day operation of business• Processed documents for filing in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals as well as the U. S. District Court - Northern District of California• E-filed documents in courts in all districts of California, and Northern District of Texas• Arranged depositions by having the notices served, selecting sites for the deposition, obtained services of a court reporter, videographer and/or interpreter as required by the deposition• Processed mail, incoming and outgoing• Hosted meetings, arranged for coffee, lunch whatever was necessary• Kept the calendars for the partners and associates entering information to the attorneys and Firm calendar system using Outlook• Worked with Imanage and LMS attorney- timekeeping programs• Transmitted fee statements and bordereau reports to clients• Answered phones and conducted other office tasks as necessary• Filed and maintained physical files using Firm's filing practiceContract Legal SecretaryAtkinson - May 2013 to January 2014Worked on assignment at Atkinson, Andelson, Loya, Ruud & Romo as a temporary floating legal secretary. My many functions in this capacity included tasks in which I:• Processed appeals, motions and pretrial agreements.• Assisted attorneys in collecting information such as employment, medical and other records.• Completed accident reports, trial and courtroom requests and applications for clients.• Transcribed legal documents and phone conversations.• Supported a team of approximately 4-5 attorneys in Labor, Special Education and Employment law. • Filed documents with the courts on behalf of the attorney.• Created expense reports and time sheets in a timely manner.• Organized files for court proceedings.• Obtained signatures from attorneys for legal documents.• Organized envelopes, postage and mail correspondence for all clients.• Developed and maintained filing and retrieval systems.• Created, indexed and maintained client binders.• Entered new cases into company database.Legal SecretarySheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP - Los Angeles, CA - September 1986 to March 2013 90067• Processed appeals, motions and pretrial agreements.• Scheduled and made appointments regarding appearances and briefings for attorneys.• Assisted attorneys in collecting information such as employment, medical and other records.• Transcribed legal documents and phone conversations.• Supported a team of 3+ attorneys in litigation involving First Amendment, Entertainment and Intellectual Property law.• Filed documents with the courts on behalf of the attorney.• Created expense reports and time sheets in a timely manner.• Maintained calendar and tickler system for managing partner, associate attorney and senior paralegal.• Screened telephone calls and forwarded them to the appropriate departments.• Organized files for court proceedings.• Obtained signatures from attorneys for legal documents.• Organized envelopes, postage and mail correspondence for all clients.• Screened telephone calls and forwarded them to the appropriate departments.• Created, indexed and maintained client binders.• Developed and maintained filing and retrieval systems.• Entered new cases into company database.• Organized, typed and submitted technical applications to the USPTO as well as the EPO for clients' intellectual property.Legal Typist and Word ProcessorLadas & Parry - 5670 Wilshire Boulevard, Los Angeles, California 90036 • Obtained signatures from attorneys for legal documents.• Organized envelopes, postage and mail correspondence for all clients. • Created, indexed and maintained client files.• Developed and maintained filing and retrieval systems.• Maintained tickler and calendar for attorneys.EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Political ScienceUniversity of Southern California - Los Angeles, CA September 1984 to September 1986ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLS:• Typing speed 75-80 WPM• Proficient in Word, Outlook, Xscribe and Imanage• Expert in Litigation• Editing and proofreading• Proficient in e-filing• Document management• Knowledge of Court Rules• Knowledge of FaxFile and CaseAnytimeSM• Efficient multi-tasker• Knowledge of ChromeRiver• Knowledge of PSShip the Fed Ex and UPS Online Shipping Program