Steven PhillipsMontgomery, AL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Steven-Phillips/d0be0e88239efe2eWORK EXPERIENCEAttorneySelf employed - Montgomery, ALResponsibilitiesI performed everything associated with running a legal practice. I learned to perform many tasks that were not typical of a firm attorney. I had to market myself through social media and build my own website. I had to handle all technological issues that arose with software and hardware.. I acted as my own Secretary handling all communications between me and clients including written communication, phone calls, and email. As for legal practice, I focused mainly on probate issues and real estate contracts. These issues often have conflicts between family members that provide very sensitive problems that must be solved timely for successful outcomes.AccomplishmentsSuccessfully represented numerous clients in financial matters and conflicts. I believe I showed clients that there are attorneys who are more concerned in solving problems rather than being solely concerned with the amount of money they can make. I truly believe I helped people in bad financial situations that typically could not pay for most attorneys while providing the same level of legal service.Skills UsedThe two most important skills I demonstrated in this job are conflict resolution and problem solving abilities. Most people who come to legal aid for a conflict do not really understand what they will be getting into if they cannot solve a problem without judicial means. Conflict resolution involves patience, negotiation skills, and tact that all our important. These skills allow for better outcomes and satisfaction preventing clients from undertaking the full time consuming and energy draining trial process. I also developed great problem solving abilities. Often times clients are provide information that is inadequate and incomplete that is needs to find solutions leaving the attorney to fill all the holes. My problem solving skills developed through trial and error to become my greatest asset. My ability to work in an efficient manner along with critical thinking skills make me a great candidate for most positions.EDUCATIONJD in LawJones School of Law - Montgomery, AL 2010 to 2013BA in BiologyFaulkner University - Montgomery, AL 2006 to 2010￼