Steven Melinosky Attorney - Jennifer E. DavisMiddletown, CT - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Steven-Melinosky/88c5ad619315fe1eTo obtain permanent employment with growth potential based on my education, experience, and skills, to wit:WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyJennifer E. Davis - Canton, CT - April 2008 to PresentLegal Assistant/Paralegal- General administrative tasks, including, but not limited to, filing, organizing and creating files; opening and closing cases; ordering supplies; paying bills; office cleaning; client hospitality; typing dictated correspondence; copying and faxing; receiving and sorting mail; scheduling meetings, conferences, hearings & trials; and facilitating client intake and contact.- Paralegal responsibilities include creating and editing motions for the Family, Probate, and Small Claims Court Systems; drafting court documents, memos, and facsimiles; statute and case law research; simple background checks; confirming or continuing court hearings with court system, clients, and opposing attorneys; notarizing; and representing clients before magistrate hearings for small claims matters.- Managing responsibilities include overseeing file scanning project with temporary employee and attending business networking meetings in lieu of business owner.- Financial responsibilities include monthly billing, collections, transferring funds, accounting, and bank reconciliation.Lifetime MemberBristol Italian Social Club - February 2008 to Present ary 2008.AttorneyJed N. Schulman - West Hartford, CT - July 2006 to April 2008Legal Assistant/Paralegal- General administrative tasks, including filing, organizing, creating files, opening cases, scheduling and maintaining calendar matters, ordering supplies, and paying bills.- Responsible for ensuring attorney was in court on time, calling clients to schedule home and office visits, maintaining contact with clients and DCF social workers, updating contact information, organizing and filing real estate transaction forms- Worked mostly with juvenile, probate, real estate, foreclosure, CAFAP, criminal, and worker's compensation cases.Relevant Computer Knowledge:Microsoft Word - 86 g/wpm Microsoft PowerPoint Microsoft Excel Microsoft Outlook Time Matters Microsoft Frontpage TimeSlips PrepExpressInternet Explorer Mozilla Firefox WordPerfect LexisNexis ProgramsMicrosoft Windows 95/98/ME/XP/NT/Vista/7/8Other:- Received Passing Grade on Connecticut State Examination for Secretary 1.￼State of Connecticut Justice of the PeaceCommission Expires - 2007 to January 2007January 7, 2017).- Appointed State of Connecticut Notary Public (Commission Expires May 31, 2018).EDUCATIONBachelor's in Criminal JusticeCharter Oak State College - New Britain, CT August 2010 to December 2013Associate's in General StudiesTunxis Community College - Farmington, CT August 2007 to May 2009Diploma in Paralegal CertificationBranford Hall Career Institute - Southington, CT September 2005 to July 2006