Teresa Christian Attorney - The Christian Law Firm, PLLCAustin, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Teresa-Christian/9e98cef4d9f9de4fDedicated attorney with substantial professional and litigation experience. Superior communication, research, document review, and writing skills. Self-motivated and detail- oriented team member with experience running an office. Technically proficient in case management software, Westlaw, LexisNexis, and Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint. Member of the Texas State Bar. Licensed in the Southern and Western Districts of Texas. Willing to travel.WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyThe Christian Law Firm, PLLC - Austin, TX - September 2013 to PresentCurrently operating my own law practice with concentration on personal injury.• Meet with clients, communicate with clients often, communicate with insurancecompanies, research policy limits available, set up claims, manage medicaltreatment, manage medical liens, order medical records, order documents to support liability theory through open records requests, obtain witness statements,prepare demand letters, negotiate settlements, request reductions of medical bills and liens, and distribute settlements.• Litigate cases when pre-suit settlement is not in clients' best interest. ResearchDefendants, file suit, follow-up on service of Defendants, prepare and send out discovery, respond to discovery, file and argue motions before the Court,designate and communicate with experts, prepare clients for depositions, take and defend depositions, including expert depositions, attend mediations, prepare for and take cases trial.• Have also handled cases involving guardianships as attorney ad litem and guardian ad litem, probate of wills and intestate distribution, criminal defense ofmisdemeanors, family law, and collection of debts. Cases handled, other thanpersonal injury, have added to courtroom experience.AttorneyThe Carlson Law Firm, PLLC - San Antonio, TX - July 2006 to August 2013Ran a satellite office of a major personal injury law firm. Cases handled includedwrongful death, trucking, automobile collisions, falls, and work injuries.• Responsibilities included managing a large case load, directing legal assistants,meeting with new clients, communicating with clients, referring attorneys, and medical providers, monitoring files while clients received medical treatment forinjuries, reviewing medical records, negotiating settlements prior to filinglawsuits, and working files through litigation to trial.• Managed 50-60 negotiation files. Engaged in negotiations with insurancecompanies and defense attorneys, to include sending demand packages and follow-up letters, preparing for and attending pre-suit mediations, makingultimate decisions to file a lawsuit or settle, and drafting settlement documents.1￼• Managed 30-40 litigation files. Litigation responsibilities comprised filinglawsuits, handling cases in state courts in many Texas counties and in federalcourts, preparing and responding to discovery, preparing and responding to motions, arguing positions at hearings, hiring experts, taking and defendingdepositions, including expert depositions, setting trial, attending mediations,developing and presenting mediation presentations, preparing for and taking cases to trial.AttorneySelf-employed - San Antonio, TX - April 2006 to July 2006Worked as solo practitioner, taking criminal court appointments. • Drafted wills and powers of attorney for clients.Independent ContractorSelf-employed, San Antonio - Austin, TX - August 2005 to April 2006Performed contract work for solo practitioners.• Contract work involved organizing files, drafting pleadings, preparing and answering discovery, preparing and responding to motions and performing legalresearch.Law ClerkMALDEF - San Antonio, TX - November 2004 to May 2005Interned for the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund.• Engaged in all aspects of legal research, including reading and analyzing case law and statutes. • Applied information ascertained through legal research to draft motions,responses, and briefs.EDUCATIONJuris Doctor in LawSt. Mary's University - San Antonio, TX August 2002 to May 2005Bachelor of Arts in History minor, BusinessTexas A & M University - College Station, TX August 1997 to August 2001