Thomas Kerr ContractorCharlotte, NC - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Thomas-Kerr/1dcdc3cefdef0603WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyHudson Legal - Charlotte, NC - April 2007 to August 2013for Hudson Legal as a Document Review Attorney encompassing several areas of law including compliance with bank regulations, Dodd-Frank regulation, and Sarbanes-Oxley regulations. Services include:- Provide substantive analysis of essential case documents in preparation for litigation- Examine documents for legal privileges such as attorney-client privilege, work product, and when applicable the Bank Examiners privilege.- Review documents as a quality control, ensuring substantive and privilege analysis.- Redact privileged information from court documents and maintained privilege log of withheld documents for the Court.ConsultantOmega Performance, Inc - Charlotte, NC - August 2006 to January 2007to assist in the preparing, processing, and marinating of corporate transactions.• Ensured that transactions correctly corresponded with existing contractual terms. • Helped to maintain electronic database of customer information and accounts.• Assisted in the compilation and review of expense reports.Legal ExternshipLegal Aid of Western Ohio - Toledo, OH - January 2005 to May 2005while attending the University of Toledo College of Law• Aided, observed, and worked alongside LAWO attorneys.• Assisted indigent clients in myriad of areas including but not limited to the creation of wills, durable power of attorney, procuring social security and disability benefits, initiating bankruptcy proceedings, and custody cases.Office Assistant to Agent Bud Moody, CLUState Farm Insurance - Toledo, OH - August 2002 to May 2005Assisted in the daily operation of the office, notably clerical work such as processing payments, maintaining client's records and claims, and preparing the daily accounting.• Researched public property records to facilitate the issuance of insurance policies.SupplementalEDUCATIONJuris DoctorateUniversity of Toledo, College of Law 2005Bachelor of Science in History and Public Law and GovernmentEastern Michigan University￼2001