Travis TidmoreAttorney - Law Office of Travis L. TidmorePampa, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Travis-Tidmore/b12620ef123ef74fWORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyLaw Office of Travis L. Tidmore - January 2012 to PresentManaged and developed a client base.• Worked with clients from inception of a case to completion in various fields of law including, criminal, family, civil, estate, contract, and entertainment.• Worked with court appointed clients in both misdemeanor and felony cases.• Worked as an Attorney Ad Litem for both children and parents in Child Protective Services cases.• Drafted appellate briefs in criminal and civil appeals on behalf of court appointed alientsAssociate AttorneyLaw Office of John W. Warner - November 2009 to December 2011Worked with clients to develop a legal plan from inception to completion, including legal research, drafting and filing petitions, motions, and answers, and appearing before the court for the necessary hearings.• Took court appointments to defend misdemeanor offenders.• Took court appointments as Attorney Ad Litem in Child Protective Services cases.AttorneyTexas Racing Commission - Austin, TX - August 2009 to September 2009Assisted the General Counsel in researching and writing a variety of legal documents.• Handled several open records requests, including writing open records request letters to the AG's office. • Position was temporary, filling in for an attorney who was on medical leave.Office of the Attorney General Austin, TXAssistant Attorney GeneralOpen Records Department - January 2009 to May 2009Drafted open records opinion letters.• Reviewed government documents and assessed exceptions to the Public Information Act.InternPampa, TX - October 2008 to January 200979066 ● (806) 486-1927 tidmorelegal@gmail.comResearch Assistant to Vice DeanPepperdine School of Law - Malibu, CA - May 2007 to August 2007Performed research for a journal article on the effect of impeachment evidence on criminal defendants' choice to testify and the effect of not testifying on conviction.• Performed additional research on the role of lawyers in seeking the truth versus their role as advocates for the client & the rules of evidence in ensuring accurate fact-finding versus other goals of the rules.￼Vicki Keltner - Malibu, CA - February 2007 to May 2007Researched and drafted trademark and copyright applications for a screenplay and character designs.Jeff Deane & Associates - Santa Monica, CA - May 2006 to February 2007Located unsigned bands and contacted them about being signed to a start-up label. • Advised customers of billing problems and contacted them about non-paymentInsurance/Escrow ClerkAmarillo National Bank - Amarillo, TX - April 2004 to July 2005Provided customer services to clients of largest home-owned bank in Texas.• Analyzed alternative insurance coverage in order to advise customers of most beneficial insurance options.EDUCATIONJuris DoctorPepperdine University School of Law - Malibu, CA May 2008