Vanessa RamirezStudent Attorney - Wills, Probate, & Guardianship Clinic - Thurgood Marshall School of LawHouston, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vanessa-Ramirez/d1aee842c98d9f8eWORK EXPERIENCEStudent AttorneyWills, Probate, & Guardianship Clinic - Thurgood Marshall School of Law - Houston, TX - January 2015 to PresentHandled caseload ranging from probate to guardianship. Drafted correspondence to opposing counsel as well as to clients. Drafted discovery and responses to discovery served on my clients. Preparedmotions for e-filing with the Court. Scheduled client meetings in the office. Did extensive trialpreparation and had direct participation in trials. Prepared for and attended hearings in court. Met with supervising attorney on a weekly basis to update her on my cases. Worked with legal files and pro-doc.Technical SupervisorApple, Inc - The Woodlands, TX - October 2007 to PresentAssist in piloting new roles within the company and giving structure to incoming team members for such prospective roles. Assist in core training for all new incoming members as well as operational training for incoming managers in our market. Manage shift scheduling for a team of twelve associates and ensure every team members' development through ongoing training and consistent touch bases. Maintaininventory control for all service parts being checked into the store for repairs. Supervise the progress of ongoing in-store repairs and communicate the status of such to customers and staff alike for accuracy and status.Legal InternCounty Civil Court at Law #1 - Houston, TX - July 2013 to August 2013Observed daily morning docket calls and non-jury trials as they arise. Researched legal issues in preparation for following day's dockets. Wrote legal memoranda detailing research found in regards tolegal issues. Conducted ongoing recaps with Judge Mayfield to present the research findings/resultsthat I had analyzed and turned in assignments.Legal Intern184th Criminal District Court - Houston, TX - May 2013 to June 2013Observed daily morning docket calls and attended mental hearings as scheduled throughout the week. Observed vior dire and felony trials. Provided recaps on post-conviction writs of Habeas Corpus. Assisted with interviewing with clients and family members during plea bargains. Assisted Court Coordinator with case reset paperwork. Provided recaps with Judge Krocker on a regular basis over trial procedures and legal issues that may have arised throughout the course of trial.Front Office/Legal AssistantArmando Lopez, P.C - Houston, TX - June 2005 to October 2007Answered multiple lines, maintained a busy appointment calendar, and served as a liaison with other attorneys, court staff members, and existing/prospective clients. Provided recordkeeping of management's daily calendar, set up depositions, mediation sessions, out-of-office meetings, and otheradministrative responsibilities. Ongoing role responsibilities included, but were not limited to, filing and preparing pleadings, as well as faxing, copying, typing correspondence, and taking phone messages, when￼necessary. Actively participated in preparation of trials. This role required a high level of multitasking and confidentiality due to the nature of the cases and business.EDUCATIONJuris DoctorThurgood Marshall School of Law, Texas Southern University - Houston, TX 2012 to 2015Bachelor of Arts in Criminal Justice and SociologySam Houston State University - Huntsville, TX 2007 to 2009SKILLSWestLaw Legal Research, LexisNexis Legal Research, Microsoft Office, iWork, Inventory ManagementAWARDSDean's Academic Merit ScholarshipAugust 2013Scholarship awarded to the top 10% of the class every year. Have received this award after my 1L and 2L years.Dean's ListJanuary 2013Have maintained attendance on the Dean's list since Spring 2013 - PresentCALI Award - Business Associations2014Given to the student with the highest academic grade for the classCALI Award - Commercial Law2013Given to the student with the highest academic grade for the classPUBLICATIONSHow the Search Became the “Search”: The Ever Changing Evolution of the Search Under the Fourth Amendment, 40 T. MARSHALL L. REV. ONLINE 4 (2014). http://tmlawreview.org/online-edition/how-the-search-became-the-search-the-ever-changing-evolution-of- the-search-under-the-fourth-amendment/2014The area surrounding Fourth Amendment law and the use of certain tactics to gain evidence and insight as to what occurs within a home without a warrant has long been in debate, and recently further clarified by the Supreme Court in Florida v. Jardines. What constitutes a search and seizure within the rights of an individual is something that has been clearly outlined within the United States Constitution in the Fourth Amendment, or so the public seems to think.￼￼ADDITIONAL INFORMATION• Thurgood Marshall Law Review – Associate Editor, Digital Content Editor [...] • James M. Douglas Board of Advocates – Publicist, Of Counsel [...]• Graduate Teaching Assistant – Contracts: Section 2 – O. Chukwumerije [...] • Women of Law at TMSL – Secretary [...]• Hispanic Law Students Association – Active Member [...]• Garland R. Walker American Inn of Court – Student Member [...]• Center for Legal Pedagogy – Prep for Law Technology Fellow (Summer 2014)