Wm. Ruffin Pearce, Jr.Experienced Commercial Real Estate Attorney and ConsultantCharlotte, NC - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/c673e409810b5cdfAttorney with nineteen years of experience in commercial law. Significant experience in negotiating commercial agreements between and among both private and public/governmental entities. Strong capabilities in the following:• Complex Commercial Negotiation• Management and Leadership• Developing and Analyzing Loan Structures• Financial and Cost-Benefit Analysis• Negotiating Private and Public/Private Partnerships • Sustainability Issues• Public Land Use Permitting and Zoning• Historic RehabilitationWORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyMcGuire Woods LLP - Charlotte, NC - March 2013 to May 2014Jr., Attorney at LawWm. Ruffin Pearce - Charlotte, NC - March 2009 to February 2013• Review and negotiate complex loan documents.• Represent clients in maintaining partnerships and agreements with the City of Charlotte and Mecklenburg County.• Review and negotiate operating agreements and other corporate agreements.• Manage the work of third parties associated with commercial transactions.• Negotiate with lenders, partners and governmental agencies to resolve issues related to commercial projects currently"on hold" due to economic barriers.• Drafted documentation for entrepreneurs related to a web based startup company providing medical real estate exchangeservices and medical vendor services.• Coordinated all aspects of the closing of a complex commercial loan transaction involving a partial defeasance, aFNMA loan, and the merger of the borrowing entities.• Negotiate leases and related agreements for retail, industrial and office space.• Drafted, negotiated and reviewed the documentation for a planned affordable housing development in Charlotte, NC.• Structured, drafted, reviewed and negotiated complex urban reciprocal easement agreements with the City of Charlotte and private organizations.MemberWomble Carlyle Sandridge & Rice PLLC - Charlotte, NC - January 2005 to March 2009 Responsibilities￼• Reviewed and negotiated loan documentation for developers as well as local and national lenders in conjunction with acquisition, construction, mezzanine, permanent, and conduit financing in both local and multi- state transactions.• Reviewed and negotiated operating agreements and other corporate agreements.• Introduced and implemented a detailed plan to preserve and rehabilitate the historic Carolina Theatre in UptownCharlotte through the use of tax credits and tax funded economic grants• Developed plan to construct a $60 million mixed-use tower on a vacant portion of the Theatre property.• Negotiated a partnership between the tower developer, the City of Charlotte, and Mecklenburg County to provide funds to rehabilitate the Theatre with tax revenue generated by the mixed-use tower.• Worked closely with members of the Charlotte City Council, the Mecklenburg County Board of Commissioners, and City and County staff to gain approval the development and rehabilitation plan.• Developed and negotiated an Operations Agreement between the Theatre operator, the City of Charlotte, and the Carolina Theatre Preservation Society for the ongoing use of the Theatre.• Drafted and negotiated an extensive Development Agreement and Arts Grant Agreement between the tower developer and the City of Charlotte.• Represented landlords and tenants in the creation, review and negotiation leases for hundreds of thousands of squarefeet of office, retail and industrial space.• Created and documented an original structure to address the unique characteristics of a medically-anchored retail centerwhich included the flexibility to replicate the structure in several locations around the Southeast.• Collaborated and negotiated with the City staff in the permitting of a 16 story hotel tower on a 0.4 acre parcel of land inUptown Charlotte.• Represented numerous developers of industrial, office, residential, medical, and mixed-use projects in all aspects of the development process, including acquisitions, entitlements, financing, and creating reciprocal easements agreements.• Developed detailed and extensive documentation for several large mixed-use condominium towers and other urbandevelopments to create a coordinated operational structure for residential, office, and retail unit owners.• Managed the time and efforts of associates and paralegals within the practice group as well as other attorneys from othergroups within the firm on various client projects.• Supervised the general activities of associates and paralegals.AssociateWomble Carlyle Sandridge & Rice PLLC - Charlotte, NC - November 2001 to December 2005• Reviewed and negotiated loan documentation for developers as well as local and national lenders in conjunction with acquisition, construction, mezzanine, permanent, and conduit financing in both local and multi- state transactions.• Reviewed and negotiated operating agreements and other corporate agreements.• Introduced and implemented a detailed plan to preserve and rehabilitate the historic Carolina Theatre in UptownCharlotte through the use of tax credits and tax funded economic grants• Developed plan to construct a $60 million mixed-use tower on a vacant portion of the Theatre property.• Negotiated a partnership between the tower developer, the City of Charlotte, and Mecklenburg County to provide funds to rehabilitate the Theatre with tax revenue generated by the mixed-use tower.• Worked closely with members of the Charlotte City Council, the Mecklenburg County Board ofCommissioners, and City and County staff to gain approval the development and rehabilitation plan.• Developed and negotiated an Operations Agreement between the Theatre operator, the City of Charlotte, and the Carolina Theatre Preservation Society for the ongoing use of the Theatre.• Drafted and negotiated an extensive Development Agreement and Arts Grant Agreement between the tower developer and the City of Charlotte.• Represented landlords and tenants in the creation, review and negotiation leases for hundreds of thousands of squarefeet of office, retail and industrial space.• Created and documented an original structure to address the unique characteristics of a medically-anchored retail centerwhich included the flexibility to replicate the structure in several locations around the Southeast.• Collaborated and negotiated with the City staff in the permitting of a 16 story hotel tower on a 0.4 acre parcel of land inUptown Charlotte.• Represented numerous developers of industrial, office, residential, medical, and mixed-use projects in all aspects of the development process, including acquisitions, entitlements, financing, and creating reciprocal easements agreements.• Developed detailed and extensive documentation for several large mixed-use condominium towers and other urbandevelopments to create a coordinated operational structure for residential, office, and retail unit owners.• Managed the time and efforts of associates and paralegals within the practice group as well as other attorneys from othergroups within the firm on various client projects.• Supervised the general activities of associates and paralegals.AssociateMoore & Van Allen PLLC - Charlotte, NC - 1998 to 2001• Represented real estate and lenders in all aspects of office, retail, industrial, medical, and mixed-use development.• Reviewed and negotiated loan documentation for developers as well as local and national lenders.• Drafted and negotiated office, retail and industrial leases for both landlords and tenants throughout the United States.• Represented numerous developers in the preparation and negotiation of multi-party reciprocal easement agreements,operating agreements, condominium documentation, and planned unit development documentation.• Instrumental in the negotiation and documentation of the sale of a major office building in a large southeastern city.• Significant experience in representing telecommunications companies, including the drafting and negotiation of leases and related agreements for major regional operations centers and individual telecommunications switch locations.AssociateCharlotte, NC - 1996 to 1998• Practiced in the area of commercial real estate including drafting and reviewing, leases, purchase and sale agreements,easements agreements, construction contracts, and environmental applications.• Practiced in the area of corporate law, including analyzing the financial status of corporations and individuals and drafting and reviewing operating agreements, articles of incorporation, securities filings, and employment contracts.EDUCATIONJuris Doctor in real estate and taxationWake Forest University - School of Law - Winston-Salem, NC 1996Bachelor of Science in BusinessBoston University London Business Study Program May 1992Masters of Business AdministrationWake Forest University - Babcock Graduate School of Management - Winston-Salem, NCMBA in International Business AssociationBachelor of Science in BusinessWake Forest University