Aarthy Swaminathan Senior Financial Associate (Finance & Accounts)Fremont, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Aarthy-Swaminathan/10ab967d5e13ec1d • 5 years of experience in Investment Banking and Financial Services.• Expertise in Financial Planning and Analysis, interpreting financial data and providing customized data solutions to clients.• Ability to identify and develop Operational processes to improve overall Organizational Efficiency and Productivity.• Superior relationship-building and influence Management skills in interactions with senior leaders, peers and Clients.• Strong sense of Teamwork, Leadership quality and Risk Management.• Possess good interpersonal, communication and organizational skills.• Possess Intellectual Curiosity, Passion and Self-Motivation.• Always committed to Excellence.Value Profile● Corporate Actions ● Banking Reconciliations ● SWIFT ● Accounting Services● MS OFFICE ● Team management● Issue Management ● Investor Reporting● Risk Management ● Business Continuity Planning WORK EXPERIENCESenior Financial Associate (Finance & Accounts)BNP Paribas Securities Services Ltd - Chennai, Tamil Nadu - May 2009 to December 2011 Chennai, India.Period: May 2009 - Dec 2011Job title: Senior Financial Associate (Finance & Accounts)Department: Global Custody (Corporate Actions)Work Profile:• Processing of Corporate Action events like Mergers, Acquisitions, Spin-Offs, Stock Splits, Dividends and Rights Issues.• Sourcing information from the Custodian and Market Source providers (Bloomberg, Interactive data, Reuters) about the Corporate Action events and sending the Notification to the clients through the SWIFT Message - MT 564.￼• Receiving the Instructions from the client on election option and processing the same to the Sub- Custodian after verifying the details instructed, through the SWIFT messages. (MT 565).• Assessing the Key dates such as Ex-date and Pay date for such Corporate Action events and Calculating the Eligibility and Entitlement of the Clients for such events.• Recovering the funds from various Depositories and processing payments for the eligible Clients, based on EX-date and Pay date.• Reconciliation on various key dates by checking different trades for eligibility which includes both Delivery and Receipt trades in order to make sure the client holdings are entitled and matches the payment. (Pre- matching & Post-matching).• Processing the information about the future payments through a Cash Reconciliation tool called GEODE.• Processing the Class Action payments and sending the class action notification to the clients.• Reconciling the NOSTRO Accounts with different Sub Ledger Accounts and checking on the reconciliation breaks (exceptions) through Asset Rec, Cash Rec, IM Recs on daily basis and reporting the same.• Fixing the Reconciliation breaks through assigning the entries to in a tool called MIDAS.• Perform Root-Cause analysis on exceptions and make recommendations for process improvements.• Perform month-end procedures to meet regulatory requirements.• Address Client queries appropriately and ensuring Client Satisfaction.• To deliver and perform such task as per the Key Performance Indicators (KPI).• Mentored and trained new joiners on the process,• Member of Core Training Committee, and responsible for drafting training materials, plans and schedules.• Highlight achievements and challenges in the process through management presentations.Operations Analyst IIIGoldman Sachs Pvt Ltd - Bangalore, Karnataka - May 2007 to April 2009Responsibilities• Perform Custody and Clearance Reconciliations for Close of Business and send out the reconciliations to the operations relating to GS Trading activity.• Perform Transaction and Position Reconciliations of internal books and records with external agents(clearing agents and depositories) accounts to ensure integrity.• Allocation of exceptions in reconciliations to various operations groups and collaboration for resolutions on any operational errors or exposures identified through analysis of business activities.• Liaise with business groups to facilitate risk resolution and ensure that client assets and firm exposure are addressed and resolved in a timely manner.• Continuously assess business flows to ensure accurate controls within each process to minimize financial, reputation and regulatory risk to the firm.• Responsible for suggesting control improvements to the data flow processes and extensively involved in the development, testing and implementation of new business flows, with particular emphasis on their impact to the Firm’s books and records.• Reviewing and enhancing processes, procedures, checklists and reports to ensure accuracy levels in accordance with audit requirements.• Parallel reviews of reconciliations performed by other team members to ensure quality deliverables and to minimize reconciliation errors.• Analysis of Third Party Collateral business and setting up of reconciliations for new businesses.• Root Cause Analysis of exceptions in various reconciliations and partnering with business to resolve and reduce the same to ensure quality and control over processes.Accomplishments• Quickly grasped the complex functionalities of Banking Reconciliations and was entirely responsible for a successful major enhancement of the Global Custody team.• Involved in cross divisional training of critical functions as a part of Business Continuity Planning program (BCP).• Partnered with Technology groups and various custodian banks to set up automated procedure of data transfer like SWIFT and FTP, to perform the reconciliations systematically and to avoid manual intervention into the processes, thereby leading to a phenomenal reduction in the actual time taken to perform the function. • Actively liaised with business units like Settlements, Treasury, Prime Brokerage, Forex and other operational areas to facilitate Risk Resolution & ensured that operational errors are resolved in a timely manner so as to reverse any negative trends.Skills Used• Coordinated and implemented changes in workflow and system flow developments by liaising with Controllers, Technology and Operations. Involved in all the phases of the project life cycle – Initiation, Planning, Execution and Closure.• Member of Global Control Training Committee and coordinated the training program for new graduates.• Proactively lead a team of Community works as a part of the annual team work project.• Presented the team about process and product knowledge.EDUCATIONMBA in FinancePondicherry University 2010Bachelor of CommerceEthiraj College for Women (Madras University) 2007HSCAnna Adarsh Matriculation Higher Secondary School - Chennai, Tamil Nadu 2004SSLCAnna Adarsh Matriculation Higher Secondary School 2002