Adam Foster, MBA Training and Organizational DevelopmentLehi, UT - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/1af3d6d10ac8ef59MBA professional proficient in leading global training teams, curriculum development, online eLearning solutions, video creation, Learning Management System Administration (LMS), Adult Learning Theory, project management, organizational development, process mapping, process improvement, and customer training. Proven track record of success in corporate training, adult education, and business consulting. Expert use of Microsoft Office Suite including Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access, and Outlook, SmartDraw, SmartSheet, and QuickBooks Accounting Pro. Fluent in French language.Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEGlobal Training ManagerPacksize - Salt Lake City, UT - October 2013 to PresentSpearheaded all strategic initiatives for global training and development. Led a team of trainers and instructional designers to execute world-class executive leadership development, new employee onboarding, job function certifications, manager development, continuous education, and customer training.Accomplishments〓 Created Packsize University, a global online learning portal, acting as Dean of Education〓 Launched virtual process mapping platform with CEO and executives to link all job process to organizationalchart in major change management initiative resulting in $84 million in revenue from our largest client.〓 Decreased average training certification time for engineers across North America and Europe from 12 months to 18 weeks (resulting in $1 million decrease in training expense) utilizing blended learning solutions〓 Delivered monthly executive leadership development series for CEO, COO, CTO, CFO, and Vice Presidents〓 Launched and managed Packsize Portal, a company intranet/communication platform which housed essential resources for employees, managers, new employees, and executives across all business units〓 Hosted monthly Power Hour, a continuous education webinar for all employees company-wide〓 Launched online video series for customer training certification across 26 countries in North America andEurope〓 Spearheaded the development of the Health and Safety Policy Manual and Employee Handbook for US Corporate Instructor TrainerCenter for Excellence in Higher Education - Salt Lake City, UT - 2010 to October 2013• Spearheaded the design, delivery, and implementation of new hire training, leadership development, compliance training, and performance improvement for over 75 instructors and trainers.￼• Designed training catalog and led team of curriculum developers to institute train-the-trainer courses across 19 campuses nation-wide for the instruction of over 10,000 students.• Restructured curriculum and training for corporate GED program which shortened national average graduation time from 9 months to 6 weeks.• Developed online training courses within corporate Learning Management System (LMS) utilizing synchronous and asynchronous multi-media programs and blended solutions.• Created world-class web portal training modules including video, animation, and interactive knowledge assessment.• Coordinated and delivered instructor-led classroom presentations corporate-wide utilizing cutting-edge learning models including Adult Learning Theory, ADDIE model, and Bloom’s Taxonomy.• Developed organizational workflow and assessment to generate over $6 million in additional revenue.• Provided corporate training on wide variety of subjects including new hire orientation, motivation, overcoming sales objections, customer service, regulatory and compliance, adult learning theory, building trust, train-the- trainer programs, classroom control, and curriculum development.• Utilized project management skills and software (MS Project) to create two year training and curriculum development plan which ensured that timeline and deliverables were met.• Employed desktop technology (MS Access) to create database which detailed analysis and data tracking for training assessment.Sales Training ManagerCONCRETE CANVAS, INC - Machesney Park, IL - 2008 to 2010• Hired, trained, and supervised sales team for expansion into Chicago and Milwaukee.• Created and edited training materials which increased company sales by 30% from previous year.• Developed instructor-led training programs for sales team utilizing role-play techniques and small group interactivity.• Implemented QuickBooks Accounting Pro to prepare and track pricing, budgets, estimates, inventory, forecasting, contracts, vendors, and work orders.• Proactively identified process improvements which decreased company expenses by 25%.Vice President of Training and RecruitingREADY PEST CONTROL - Machesney Park, IL - 2005 to 2008• Interviewed, hired, trained, and supervised sales and service teams.• Created and implemented recruiting presentation using MS PowerPoint for multiple colleges across the Midwestern United States.• Designed and published training manuals and materials for sales team, operations management, administrative department, and service teams.• Provided daily instructor-led training presentations.• Strengthened routing schedules for 1,000 customers and increased service production by 25% by implementing incentive program for technicians.EDUCATIONMaster of Business Administration (MBA)Stevens-Henager College - Murray, UT 2011 to 2012Bachelor of Science in Liberal ArtsExcelsior College - Albany, NYAssociate in Computer ScienceUtah Valley University - Orem, UTSKILLScorporate training, eLearning, organizational development, leadership development, compliance, curriculum development, strategic planning, continuous process improvement, project management, financial statement analysis, teaching, and customer service