Adrienne HApparel Designer | Entrepreneur | M.B.A. CandidateBayonne, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Adrienne-H/5a17d4093349bf96WORK EXPERIENCEM.B.A. InternshipHolmes Financial Scvs. - Rockville, MD - March 2015 to Present•Developing marketing strategies for business growth. •Social media marketing.•Facilitating website enhancements.•Designing advertising collateral.•Event planning for millennial investors. •Admin support in daily business operations.Freelance Apparel DesignerBrooks Brothers, JC Penney, Maurices, Calvin Klein Jeans, Chico’s FAS, Inc., Cache, and Nation Design - New York, NY - October 2012 to Present•Partnering with local agencies for contracted field assignments.•Designing women’s ready-to-wear garments in line with seasonal concepts and merchandise plans. •Collaborating with cross-functional teams for seasonal product development.•Strategizing workflow and resolutions to meet calendar deadlines.•Communicating product development and production issues to overseas factories in Asia and domestic factories.•Creating merchandise presentations for key meetings and buyer purchase orders.CEO and OwnerHouse of Elise LLC - Bayonne, NJ - 2010 to Present•Designed online and print media for a diverse clientele of small business owners.•Produced imprinted products for events promoting for-profit and non-profit organizations.•Designated designer of promotional media for local Washington, D.C. radio personality Angie Ange of WKYS 93.9.•Created all marketing materials to acquire and retain target clientele.•Facilitated online marketing via company website (http://www.ElisePrints.com) and social media platforms – Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn.•Managed all company financial transactions.Freelance Apparel Designer & Brand ManagerNation Design - New York, NY - 2013 to 2014•See above list under Freelance Apparel Designer for main responsibilities.•Brand manager for ready-to-wear collections for the Marla Wynne brand.•Buyers included HSN, QVC (United Kingdom), and The Shopping Channel (Canada).Freelance Apparel DesignerChico's FAS, Inc - Fort Myers, FL - 2013 to 2013•See above list under Freelance Apparel Designer for main responsibilities.•Aided in training design teams on company-wide roll-out of new product management system (FLEX PLM).￼Associate Apparel DesignerMamiye Group LLC - New York, NY - 2010 to 2012 Bongo | Wallflower | Private Labels•Designed juniors’ ready-to-wear collections for buyers including Forever 21, Wetseal, Sears, and Ross. •Collaborated with upper management to recap buyer merchandise plans and strategize product development for monthly buyers’ meetings.•Led daily communication of product development and production issues with factories in China, Taiwan, and India.•Managed and trained design interns, delegating administrative and creative tasks.Assistant Apparel DesignerMacy's Inc - New York, NY - 2007 to 2010 Style & Co. and Karen Scott (private label brands)•Analyzed weekly regional sales reports to develop brand-right collections for quarterly buyers’ meetings. •Collaborated with upper management to strategize seasonal product development for quarterly buyers’ meetings.•Managed time & action Excel charts for all product development components.•Facilitated time & action meetings with cross-functional teams.•Led daily communication of product development and production issues with factories in Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, South Korea, and India.•Earned sales award for exceeding retail sales plan in 2009.CEO and OwnerFashion (Un)Anonymous Group LLC - Hyattsville, MD - 2006 to 2009•Co-produced charity benefit fashion shows in Washington, D.C., showcasing local apparel designers. •Appointed and co-managed a team of innovative professionals, including a co-producer/marketing manager, show coordinators, and stylists.•Produced all marketing materials and business correspondences targeting potential sponsors, designers, boutiques, models, and additional company staff.•Facilitated online marketing via social media platforms to promote ticket sales.•Managed all company financial transactions.•Prepared annual reports outlining company progression and future initiatives.EDUCATIONInnovation M.B.A.Philadelphia University - Philadelphia, PA 2014 to 2016Continuing Education StudiesFashion Institute of Technology - New York, NY 2007 to 2012B.F.A. in Fashion DesignVirginia Commonwealth University - Richmond, VA 2001 to 2005SKILLSAdobe Illustrator, Photoshop, InDesign; PLM, WebPDM; CRM; Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook