Aileen Ortiz Negrón, MBAVega Alta, PR - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/47dbd3a7076d8dd6Experienced Executive Assistant with strategic planning vision. Problem-solving and analytical skills with the ability to provide recommendations to improve operational processes. Adept in handling confidential matters. Genuine team player committed to performing necessary tasks to support organizational success; work equally well independently or within a team environment.WORK EXPERIENCEAdministrative AssistantCooperative Zeno Gandía - Arecibo, PR - 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesAssistant of the Administration and Human Resources Departments. Payroll. Employees files administration. Prepare reports, presentations. Coordinate corporate events. Office management.Executive AssistantIntegrand Assurance Company - San Juan, PR - 2005 to PresentExecutive Assistant of the Finance and IT Vice-Presidents • Prepare and maintain documentation of critical work flow and internal control processes • Maintenance of process inventory of all departments • Coordinate and create strategies to maximize effectiveness • Office of the Commissioner of Insurance and regulatory agencies requirements • Training to employees to improve their performance • Project management • Support to officers, managers and supervisors • Presentations • Accounts Payable • Expense reports• Check requests• Budget • IT request service calls • Agenda management • Social networks accounts administrator • Travel and corporate events coordination • Administrative TasksAdministrative AssistantUnited Surety & Indemnity Co - January 2001 to February 2005Assist to Claims Manager • Support to the Executive Assistant's President • Receive claims against insureds, analyze and proceed accordingly • Liaison between law firms and the company in lawsuits, legal advice and bankruptcy cases • Claim Payments• Office Management• Administrative TasksCustomer Service RepresentativeUnited Surety & Indemnity Co - 2000 to 2001Issuing, renewing, quotation and invoicing dwelling policies • Customer service for our insureds and producers • Back up receptionistEDUCATIONMaster in Business Administration in Strategic Management and LeadershipUniversidad del Este - Puerto Rico 2014BBA in AccountingUniversidad del Este - Puerto Rico 2006 to 2011￼SKILLSMS Office (Word, Excel-including Pivots, V-lookUp and Macros-, Power Point, Publisher, Visio, Outlook), Word Perfect, Lotus 123, QuickBooks, Acrobat Professional, OpenOffice and Internet tools among others. Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills. Bilingual.ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Additional Information Available