Alla BartisiusFinance Manager - Citizens Financial Group, IncChicago, IL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Alla-Bartisius/16acf92815897707 Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEFinance ManagerCitizens Financial Group, Inc - Chicago, IL - August 2014 to PresentLine of Business management reporting.• Review, analyze and summarize financial data pertaining to income statement, balance sheet and key metrics that provide analytical insights into business performance, risks and opportunities.• Prepare monthly standard financial reporting package and supplemental review for senior management, business and sales team leaders.• Provide finance business support related to client profitability by engaging in client performance analysis and producing amortization schedules.• Continuously work on automating processes in order to improve rigor and increase accuracy in financial reporting.• Responsible for modifying and maintaining in Excel reporting templates to adhere to corporate planning department's changing requirements.• Track monthly LOB's T&E expenses and provide detailed analysis report the president of the business.• Analyze and maintain monthly reconciliation between sales activity report and general ledger account balances.• Conduct monthly business analysis related to non-interest income, direct expenses, productivity and sales activities.Senior Financial AnalystThe Royal Bank of Scotland N. V - Chicago, IL - February 2011 to August 2012Provided business decision support to Global Trade Sales and Product Management Services.• Analyzed monthly financial results and provided performance summaries to business operating units and senior leadership.• Prepared and executed monthly journal entries to properly allocate revenues and costs.• Collected, formatted and analyzed activities of financial results related to specific clients and business units. • Created scorecards to help senior management direct business activities.• Liaised with product and sales management leaders to create, administer and manage submission of semi- annual forecasts and yearly budgets. Ensured accuracy of data and maintain appropriate documentation around planning assumptions.• Provided support to various business groups by responding to cost related queries in accurate, effective and timely manner.• Prepared monthly business review presentation to communicate financial results to upper management, product and sales leaders.• Created monthly profitability and cost trend analysis and summaries for management and sales teams as well as operational units.Senior Financial Reporting AnalystABN AMRO - Chicago, IL - August 2006 to December 2009￼Analyzed, interpreted and summarized financial performance trends across diverse business sectors to identify areas of performances outside of anticipated results.• Managed reporting schedules. Updated and maintained financial reporting schedules in compliance with governance audits and regulatory requirements.• Worked closely with contacts across lines of business in order to create an accurate and detailed summary of variance analysis for senior management.Financial Reporting AnalystLaSalle Bank Corporation - Chicago, IL - September 2004 to August 2006Assisted in preparation and submission of standard quarterly SEC regulatory filings.• Prepared annual financial statements, including income statement, balance sheet, cash flow statement and footnote disclosures. Compiled and maintained reference support for internal and external audit review.• Updated and maintained monthly cash flow forecast.• Completed various financial analysis on ad hoc basis for senior management.******* *Member of the National Association of Realtors (NAR)EDUCATIONMaster of Business Administration, MBARoosevelt University - Chicago, IL 2016 to 2017Bachelor of Science in FinanceLoyola University Chicago - Chicago, IL 2003ADDITIONAL INFORMATION➢ Over nine years of professional experience in corporate finance, line of business reporting, financial analysis, regulatory and external reporting, budgeting and forecasting.➢ Strong knowledge of accounting practices, financial data mining and financial performance review and analysis.➢ Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office applications with strong Excel skills in data compilation and aggregation.➢ Superior skills in accounting applications including Hyperion Essbase, Khalix, Cartesis Magnitude, Financial Analysis Portal, Financial Data Management and Oracle (OBIEE).➢ Solid organizational, prioritization and time management skills.➢ Self starter with proven ability to work well in a fast-paced, high-pressure environment.