Andrew Smith- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Andrew-Smith/55af3dd26f8bb12aWORK EXPERIENCEMBA CandidateNORTHWOOD UNIVERSITY - August 2014 to Present Expected graduation August 2016Account ExecutiveAdtegrity - May 2014 to PresentExecuted end-to-end sales cycle through prospecting, proof-of-concept, and closing. Drove sales activity and revenue among media agencies and direct clients worldwide. This resulted in developing trustedpartners, forged relationships and generating new revenue with an eye on sustained revenue and growth.• Consistently exceeded monthly quotas for sales revenue by understanding customer needs resulting in successful campaigns. I have won both individual and team sales contests the last 2 quarters in a row, with revenue growth up 30% individually and lead the last 7 new hires for sales. All activity captured and forecasted in NetSuite CRM.• Innovated and implemented new marketing techniques during a recent trade show in Las Vegas.Following the new approach, the marketing department pegged me to act as consultant on all future marketing efforts. This resulted in recommendations of several new marketing materials and new sales strategies. Most important was the assistance in the company's rebranding efforts and place within the industry as a whole. Other recommendations included sales proposal custom slides, short form proposals,enhanced video case studies, deals of the week, price modeling, white papers, conference booth design and materials as well as email marketing. Once implemented, the sales team had the tools necessary to streamline processes, enhance customer experience, and drive sales.Production CoordinatorDANNY COLLINS, BOSCH - January 2013 to March 2014CLEAR HISTORY, DANNY COLLINS, BOSCH - HBO, Disney, Warner Bros., Amazon• Worked closely with studios, financiers, business agents and attorneys on completion and execution of contracts, business affairs, and other legal documents for each project. I hired crew and manage officestaff, providing detailed job functions to each and utilizing individuals talents as needed to accomplishtasks with ease including coaching, guidance and providing positive reinforcement and autonomy.• Under budget $1,049,000 million dollars, on $19 million dollars worth of budgeted projects, never at a cost to the integrity of the craft. Successful projects have been launched to television series, allowed for purchase of John Lennon music libraries and increased positioning for studio negotiations.Assistant Production Office Coordinator- June 2012 to December 2012 CLEAR HISTORY - HBO• Provided coaching, expectations, and direction to crew as well as negotiated, hired and closed over 200￼crew deals and vendors based on budget allocations. My detailed record-keeping and account management resulted in the production recouping the full available spend for the Massachusetts Film Incentive, saving the production nearly $2 million dollars.• Promoted to Production Coordinator in the middle of filming "Clear History" after the Producers were impressed with my expertise, finesse and ability to effectively communicate, supporting the cast and crew while managing expectations and upholding the creative integrity of the project to the studio, HBO.c: 313.310.8952 / e: smiand@me.comProduction SecretaryAWKWARD. - MTV - August 2008 to May 2012TO HAVE AND TO HOLD - Mission City Pictures Assistant to the producers30 MINUTES OR LESS - SONY/MRC/Red Hour Assistant to the producers/Post Production CoordinatorHIDE AWAY - MMC Joule Films 1ST Assistant AccountantSTONE - OVERTURE/RELATIVITY Assistant to castHIGH SCHOOL - PARALLEL MEDIA Assistant to the directorDEMOTED - PARALLEL MEDIA Assistant to the directorFounder/PartnerRoadking, Inc - August 2006 to August 2010Co-founded grassroots towing business and car company in a declining industry, in an already established market. Conducted business to business sales of multiple accounts across Michigan including AT&T, AAA Michigan, sub-contracted Michigan State Police, Detroit Police Department and independent repair facilities across Southeast Michigan, growing the business to 4 trucks and $250,000 per year gross sales.• Expanded into the film industry, creating the subsidiary Roadking Picture Cars. To date we have rented over 450 vehicles to more than 20 films and television shows across Michigan and Ohio, generating over $500,000 in gross sales to date.Production AssistantRED DAWN - MGM - January 2008 to August 2008HUNG - HBOPRINCE OF MOTOR CITY - ABC THE JOB - THE DETROIT JOB, INC. KITCHEN NIGHTMARES - FOXEDUCATIONMBANORTHWOOD UNIVERSITY August 2014 to Present