Angela Boateng MBA StudentHerndon, VA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Angela-Boateng/f1fdab44db2ccbcf Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEMBA StudentGeorge Mason University - Fairfax, VA - August 2012 to April 2015International Business Strategy Live Consulting Project: Worked with an existing organization, and integrated concepts learned throughout the MBA program to address the strategic challenge the organization faced related to internationalization. Presented findings and recommendations to the organization's leaders.• Capstone Project: Prepared business plan for starting a business in the food industry in major cities Brazil. Business plan leveraged use of social media and technology for marketing.Senior AccountantSughrue Mion, PLLC - Washington, DC - January 2009 to June 2014Initiated and completed an Excel project which ultimately assisted with marketing for and acquiring new clients around the world; Increased our clientele by 5% within 3 months.• Trained and supervised junior accountants to comply with procedures.• Maintained the firm's American Express (AmEx) Account, which included 100 plus members and applied all monthly charges to the accurate general ledger account.• Prepared and assisted with general ledger analysis and analyzed and assisted with month and year-end reports.• Prepared, maintained and sent out the quarterly required Economic Analysis of Foreign Services and Intangible Assets (BE-125) from the Bureau of Economic Analysis.• Reviewed and assisted with monthly bank reconciliations.AccountantPatent and Trademark Office - December 2004 to December 2008Maintained the firm's Patent and Trademark Office (PTO) Account and accurately applied the charges to our clients accounts' daily.• Reviewed and compiled reports for our annual financial statements audits.• Maintained and billed employers and employees monthly for using firm resources for personal use.• Promptly replied to clients' inquiries, such as questions with their invoices/statements.• Reviewed and assisted with the firm's District of Columbia (DC) Property Taxes annually. • Finalized monthly invoices/statements to fix any errors before sending them out to clients. Thompson, Cobb, Bazilio & Associates (TCBA, P.C.), Washington, DCStaff AuditorTCBA, P.C - June 2004 to December 2004Planned and executed network procedures to help ease the audit process.• Prepared work papers, conducted random sample testing and sent outstanding letters. • Prepared and analyzed comparative financial information for multiple projects.• Organized and maintained detailed engagement binders for multiple projects.￼SKILLS• Proficient in PerfectLaw Software, Patricia, Microsoft Word, Power Point, and Excel, as well as Library electronic research resources.• Fluent in English and Twi.EDUCATIONMaster of Business AdministrationGeorge Mason University - Fairfax, VA May 2015Bachelor of Arts in Business ManagementHood College - Frederick, MD May 2004