Anne ScheinmanMarjorie S. Wiggins, DNP, MBA, RN, FAAN, NEA-BC, Senior Vice President - Maine Medical CenterSouth Portland, ME - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Anne-Scheinman/2d76e075f5efef40WORK EXPERIENCEMarjorie S. Wiggins, DNP, MBA, RN, FAAN, NEA-BC, Senior Vice PresidentMaine Medical Center - Portland, ME - February 1989 to PresentPortland, ME - Administrative Specialist III to: Marjorie S. Wiggins, DNP, MBA, RN, FAAN, NEA-BC, Senior Vice PresidentPatient Care Services & Chief Nursing Officer for Maine Medical Center & theMaineHealth SystemMartha A. Riehle, MBA, MS, RN, NEA-BC, Vice President, Patient Care Services & Associate Chief Nursing OfficerAll aspects of this position require an extremely high level of discretion, tact, independent judgment and thinking.Responsible for the overall coordination of administrative support for other executives within the department. Direct & indirect supervisory responsibility for 3-5 administrative staff members.Administrative AssistantMaine Credit Union League - Portland, ME - June 1988 to February 1989 to: President of the League as well as the Vice President of FinanceResponsible for the day-to-day administrative duties and tasks for the League and MECUL Services CorporationAdministrative AssistantUNUM Provident - Portland, ME - April 1986 to June 1988 Human Resource Operations & Employee Relations UnitResponsible for the day-to-day administrative duties related to support of two extremely busy Division Directors and their staffDuring tenure also reported to and supported the Vice President of Human Resources as a result of the elimination of other administrative positionsAdministrative Secretary to the Vice President of NursingStephens Memorial Hospital - Norway, ME - January 1983 to April 1986Provided administrative support for the Vice President of Nursing and otherprofessional staff members. Worked closely with the Executive Secretary in support of the Executive Director of the hospitalOffice Manager￼Credit Counseling Centers, Inc - South Portland, ME - February 1974 to October 1982Began as an entry-level clerical upon graduation from high school. Provided both secretarial & bookkeeping support for this non-profit organization.Supervised a small clerical staff & was responsible for receipt/disbursement of client funds.