Anshuman JhaMBA Candidate, Class of 2015,Fox School of business, Temple UniversityPhiladelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Anshuman-Jha/0d9708c30e6aca60MBA (IT Management) student with 4 years of experience in the IT industry and expertise of leading teams of 2-3 engineers as a Senior Systems Engineer for various phases of SDLC. Consistent track record of solving business problems such as reducing the server load by 30% and increasing application processing time by 20%; all along, enhancing problem-solving, analytical, communication & quantitative skills.Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEMBA Student Business ConsultantTemple Small Business Development Center - Philadelphia, PA - July 2014 to PresentResponsibilities• Empower clients by creating active business plans to encourage start up and assist in marketing their business.• Translate client’s business’ goals into measurable objectives by preparing 3-5 year financial projections.• Evaluate areas for improvement in the client’s business by interacting with them and analyzing their business. • Create research report and perform financial analysis to examine a new opportunity for client’s business.Accomplishments Handled 10 clientsSkills UsedProblem- Solving, Analytical ability, Communication, ConsultingMBA InternXool - Philadelphia, PA - July 2014 to August 2014Responsibilities• Helped in developing the business by evaluating target customer-segments & making specific strategies. • Analyzed customer-behaviors on its website using analytical tools like Google analytics and Crazy-Egg. • Improved website’s conversion rate by 25%; created strategies to revamp the website.AccomplishmentsImproved website's conversion rateSkills UsedAnalytical, marketing, strategic-thinking abilitySenior Systems EngineerINFOSYS LIMITED - October 2009 to June 2013Senior Systems EngineerATA Project and E2E Project, Client-TOYOTA EUROPE• Involved in project planning, resource allocation and requirement gathering; Projects worth 3-5 million USD. • Analyzed the impact of change requests/modifications for post-production maintenance track.• Led a team of 3 engineers for the development phase of the project.￼• Designed the functionality implementation of the modules.• Helped in the product-release by interacting with the testing team and onsite coordinators.• Designed and organized training programs for new users including application overview, foundational framework and strategies to view database origins of selected processes.Systems EngineerCisco SVO Project, Client- CISCO US and Boeing E-commerce Project, Client- BOEING US• Led a team of 2 developers for the development phase of the project.• Reduced server load by 30% and increased application processing time by 20% by working on code tuning and quality enhancement programming.• Decreased data access time by 25% by working on database interaction of the application.EDUCATIONMaster of Business AdministrationTemple University, Fox School of Business - Philadelphia, PA 2013 to 2015Bachelor of Engineering in InstrumentationMumbai University - Mumbai, Maharashtra May 2005 to June 2009SKILLSProblem solving, Leadership, team player, Analytical ability, communication, consulting, excel, quantitative ability, Software Development Life Cycle, Microsoft word, Power point, Business plan, Financial projection, Advanced Financial statement analysis, IT process improvement, IT governance, Business Intelligence, JAVA, SQLADDITIONAL INFORMATION• VP of Organizational Development, Fox Graduate Student Association, [...]• Student worker at Department of Strategic Management, Fox School of business • Member, IEEE, Institute of Electrical & Electronics Engineers, 2008 – 2009• Member, ISA, International Society of Automation, 2008 – 2009• Coordinator, Tech Event, 2008• Coordinator, sports event, [...]• Captain, intramural Cricket Team, 2009• Water Polo Team, INFOSYS, 2012• Cricket Intramural Team, INFOSYS, 2010 – 2012