Arvind Ramachandran MBA Intern, Product MarketingLos Angeles, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Arvind-Ramachandran/a142571cf35c39a2WORK EXPERIENCEMBA Intern, Product MarketingFullscreen Inc - Los Angeles, CA - 2014 to September 2014artnered with Vice President of Integrated Marketing to assess and revise sales strategy in the online video marketplace.Developed strategies and tactics for client's digital marketing campaigns across verticals (e.g. CPG, Entertainment).• Established KPI targets for future marketing campaigns. Led the statistical analysis of historical campaign reach and engagement data across product portfolio to establish key benchmarks for success.• Improved productivity by 400% by streamlining talent selection process for branded content. Collaborated with stakeholders to create a centrally used talent roster.• Developed insights regarding competitive standing related to campaign performance, product offering and socialmedia reach. Discovered 3 areas of differentiation potentially increasing RFP success rate by 30%.Associate ConsultantCore Points Consulting and Ventures Pvt Ltd - Chennai, Tamil Nadu - 2012 to 2013Conceived and implemented sales growth strategy to double revenues for client, a $15 million technology business group.Researched and analyzed competition, trends, and opportunities to discover new revenue streams.• Increased client revenues by 80% by collaborating with senior management to diversify client's product line into mobile and cloud computing.• Led a team of 5 in researching customer insights for client's service lines and implementing a new customer acquisition roadmap. Resulted in a 33% increase in client's customer base.ProgrammerTata Consultancy Services Ltd - Chennai, Tamil Nadu - 2010 to 2012Led the analysis of client pain points and executed software solutions to lead to $400,000 cost savings annually.• Led a team of 10 to improve efficiency of software release cycle. Landmark achievement of zero software bottlenecks. First team to receive 100% Client Satisfaction for two quarters in a row.• Created a new software product to automate a 7 year old manual data extraction process. Reduced performance time by 90% and led to cost savings of $150,000 annually for client.• Initiated and developed a new process efficiency project to save $43,000 annually. Coordinated cross- functionalclient teams to propose and execute process changes in the production of consumer ID cards.EDUCATIONMaster of Business AdministrationUniversity of Southern California, Marshall School of Business - Los Angeles, CA￼ADDITIONAL INFORMATION• Skills: SQL, Audience Growth Development - Certified by YouTube, Comscore Video Metrix.• Research: First research group to characterize pharmaceutical properties of Lentinus Sp, a species of mushroom.