Brian Shave, MBAFinancial Planning & Cost Accounting Manager - SEIKO CORP OF AMERICAHoboken, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/4b74c2c869caf893Results-oriented Financial Planning and Analysis Manager with extensive experience in a full spectrum of Financial Planning functions. Self-motivated problem solver with exceptional leadership skills and a strong desire to learn and develop within an organization. Major strengths are financial modeling, decision- support based analytics, processes and controls. Highly effective communicator with a strong ability to build relationships at all levels of an organization.Financial Planning & Analysis Skills◆ Financial Modeling◆ Budgeting & Forecasting ◆ Financial Reporting◆ Processes & Controls◆ Analytical Analysis◆ Allocations & Consolidations◆ JD Edwards Software ◆ Hyperion Planning◆ Essbase DeveloperWORK EXPERIENCEFinancial Planning & Cost Accounting ManagerSEIKO CORP OF AMERICA - Mahwah, NJ - 2009 to Present◆Lead finance member on the Hyperion Planning implementation team responsible for the system design utilized to forecast and report financial information.◆ Document the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) to reference the Hyperion Planning forecasting processes and procedures.◆ Coordinate and facilitate the timeline, workflow and task list of annual budgets, quarterly forecasts and long term plans.◆ Analyze key performance indicators to measure financial results against forecast.◆ Responsible for the data governance in order to track changes between forecast versions.◆ Deploy and maintain business rules to update large volume changes to metadata to meet current and future business needs.◆ Established data validation process to reconcile financial data between software systems.◆ Execute financial allocations and aggregations enabling fast and efficient analytics of multiple scenario forecasting.Cost Accounting ManagerSEIKO CORP OF AMERICA - Mahwah, NJ - 2005 to 2008◆ Coordinate quarterly reviews and year-end audits to insure compliance with GAAP as related to cost accounting.￼◆ Manage the implementation of and the on-going compliance review of Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) controls as related to cost accounting.◆ Developed advanced excel models for reconciling perpetual inventories by identifying erroneous operational transactions.◆ Coordinated and reviewed the Importer Self-Assessment (ISA) annual audit results to meet the CBP requirements for testing business systems and documentation of import records.◆ Tracked stock purchases to reconcile inventory receipts and customer billings.◆ Calculated and monitored standard cost component rates to evaluate WIP variances.◆ Organized and observed cycle counts and physical inventories in compliance with GAAP. Financial Analyst SeniorSEIKO CORP OF AMERICA - Mahwah, NJ - 2000 to 2004◆Responsible for consolidating and reporting financial statements internally and externally. ◆ Manage departmental review meetings to identify potential upside/downside variances.◆ Utilized driver based planning to improve budgeting process efficiency and accuracy.◆ Developed warranty rates utilized for billing repairs and inter-company eliminations.◆ Prepared customer profitability analysis for senior management to evaluate performance.◆ Created cost-volume-profit (CVP) analysis to determine the break-even point with different product mix and volume related scenarios.Cost Accountant SeniorHOWMET CASTINGS - Dover, NJ - 1996 to 1999◆Key member on the implementation team of a Manufacturing ERP Software, Made2Manage. An integrated shop floor, activity based cost system.◆ Presented monthly progress reports to senior management.◆ Established standard cost rates by product line.◆ Trained best practice processes and system capabilities to thirty staff members. ◆ Designed product line cost models utilized for pricing and forecasting.◆ Created cost-volume-profit analysis with product mix and volume scenarios.EDUCATIONMBA in ManagementWILLIAM PATERSON UNIVERSITY - Wayne, NJ 2002Bachelors of Arts in AccountingMUHLENBER COLLEGE - Allentown, PA 1996SKILLSHyperion Planning and Essbase, JD Edwards, MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook)