Camille TrongoneGraduate Assistant, MBA Office - SAINT JOSEPH'S UNIVERSITYVineland, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Camille-Trongone/d34768b8924f1dccWORK EXPERIENCEGraduate Assistant, MBA OfficeSAINT JOSEPH'S UNIVERSITY - Philadelphia, PA - January 2014 to PresentAttend various career and educational fairs, recruiting new and prospective students.• Generate and implement policy for prospective students to observe MBA classes.• Involved in various facets of student relations, including assisting and advising students during the application and registration processes via phone, email, and face-to-face interactions.• Address new student needs via email, phone and face-to-face interactions including inquiries about curriculum and graduation requirements, tuition payments, course scheduling, contact information etc.• Serve in customer service function relating to various current student needs including course withdrawal and tuition issues.• Assist in various marketing and promotional initiatives, both within the MBA office and the university.• Attend information sessions and open houses with MBA staff members, and ensure all student needs and questions areaddressed by members of the MBA staff.• Conduct research including competitive analyses of universities in the local marketplace on various topics such as scholarship and curriculum.• Support members of the MBA team in all aspects of administration, office upkeep, communications, and any other projects as needed.InternCenter for Consumer Research - January 2013 to August 2013Developed bi-annual newsletter and managed weekly newspaper.• Managed Center's social media channels.• Promoted research emanating from and programs offered by the Center to various groups.InternPERSHING, A BNY COMPANY - May 2012 to August 2012Created promotion plan for Chief Executive Officer's State of the Industry INSITE presentation to spread his message to abroader customer base and extend the life of the content.• Evaluated hedge fund, registered investment advisor, technology service and broker-dealer social media competition and reported competitive landscape findings and recommendations for social strategy to Head of Corporate Communications & Planning and the Chief Strategy Officer.• Analyzed inaugural social media pilot to report on successes of social program; including, peak times of conversation,personas participating in the conversation and most discussed topics. Key finding was engagement increased 329% YOY.Metrics were recorded manually and reported to BNY Mellon.• Prioritized year-long Editorial Calendar of promotional marketing videos for Pershing.com and YouTube. Worked with￼Corporate Communications, Graphics and Global Marketing teams to ensure project was delivered on-time and in an organized fashion.EDUCATIONMaster of Business Administration in MarketingSAINT JOSEPH'S UNIVERSITY - Philadelphia, PA May 2015Bachelor in Business Administration, MarketingJohn Cabot University - Roma, Lazio May 2013ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL SKILLSHootsuite certified; Microsoft Office Suite; Classic Lindo; Paperli; Salesforce.com