Camilo Gutierrez, MBA, CSM Senior Project Manager/Scrum MasterSummerville, SC - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/e66a17a1b3970cde➢ Accomplished and dynamic professional offering 15+ years of valuable and diverse project management expertise in multiple Medicaid business settings (FL, GA, DC, MA, NH, CA, and SC).➢ Consummate manager of large teams, uniquely capable of coaching and mentoring subordinates to attain performance far above their expectations.➢ Tenacious problem solver; assume ownership of issues to ensure complete resolution. Excel in highly challenging environments requiring focused decision-making and a calm presence.➢ Adept at leading concurrent project teams through all phases of the project and software development lifecycle (SDLC), using Agile, Scrum or PMBOK methodologies, as applicable.➢ Excellent communication, training, and problem-solving skills; U.S Citizen and Combat Veteran. Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCESr Project Manager/Scrum MasterProlifics - Hartford, CT - December 2014 to PresentResponsibilities• Managing enterprise system modernization project with the implementation of 3 integrated IBM applications: Business Process Management (BPM), Integration Bus Advanced (IIB), and Operational Decision Management (ODM).• Managing Agile software development team comprised of 6 onshore and 5 offshore resources (E2E Architect, BPM & ODM Developers, Business Analysts, and QA testers).• Ensuring timely delivery of project artifacts: Minimal Viable Product (MVP), User Stories, Software Architecture Diagram, and Release Plan with Sprint Goals.• Using Agile software development life cycle, working closely with Product Owners to define Epics and User Stories.• Supporting all meetings required for Scrum Team: Daily Stand-ups, Sprint Planning session, Sprint Retrospectives, and Sprint Demos.• Using the following applications MS Project 2013, MS Visio, MS PowerPoint, MS SharePoint, IBM Rational Requirements Composer, and IBM Rational Team Concert.Sr Project Manager/Scrum Master/DirectorSouth Carolina Department of Health & Human Services - Columbia, SC - 2012 to 2014• Manage daily operations of the Information Technology (IT) Project Management Office (PMO). Direct Project Management governance, methodology, and framework of the state Medicaid program.• Establish and coordinate complex project prioritization processes across the enterprise, perform timely project reviews, and generate executive-level portfolio metrics.➢ Established agency-wide Process Improvement and Performance Management teams, using Lean Six Sigma methodology, which drove a 75% increase in business process automation.➢ Built a 80+ person Project Management Office to manage a portfolio of more than 70 agency projects.➢ Implemented 10 policy-related projects in only 24 months.➢ Reduced implementation issues by 40% after tasking a Policy Management Committee to oversee new policy initiatives.￼➢ Provide consultation and direction to determine the appropriate project methodology such as Agile / Scrum or Waterfall.➢ Direct the Portfolio Advisory Council and oversee the adherence to the processes and accepted best practices.➢ Drastically compressed staff hiring process to 10 days from 5 weeks.➢ Used the following project management tools: Microsoft Office Professional Suite 2013, SharePoint, MS Project Professional, MS Project Web Access, Visio, Microsoft Office 365, Bizagi Business Process Modeling Software (BPMS), and Atlassian JIRA.Director Provider Services / Director Systems ImplementationXerox - Sacramento, CA - 2009 to 2012• Led project management teams on design, development, and implementation of multiple replacement applications during the take-over phase of the California Medicaid program.➢ Implemented 3 new integrated systems (Customer Relationship Management, Interactive Voice Response, and Electronic Document Management System) to enable organization to capture new business for the 6 million-member California health program.➢ Managed multiple diverse sub-vendor technical teams from CGI, Contact Solutions, eGistics, IBM, and Oracle-Siebel.➢ Reduced call center inbound talk times more than 50% by developing a training curriculum for new staff, and triaging complex calls to senior call center representatives.➢ Used the following project management tools: Microsoft Office Professional Suite, SharePoint, MS Project Professional, Visio, and IBM Rational ClearQuest.Provider Services ManagerHewlett Packard - Boston, MA - 2006 to 2009Coordinated the Provider Services operation and directed staff of 10 Provider Enrollment & Credentialing Specialists for state Medicaid Program.➢ Reduced enrollment applications backlog 70%; implemented a streamlined review and approval process. ➢ Slashed enrollment processing time reduced to 2 weeks (from 8 weeks) by analyzing and reengineering a complex enrollment process.Account ManagerCGI - Fort Worth, TX - 2005 to 2005Led implementation of the Medicare Part D contract and direct staff of 30 including management responsibility for customer service, revenue collection, and transaction reconciliation.➢ Established and maintained relationships with client officials, other professional services vendors, community, provider, and other organizations and agencies.EDI Account Manager / QA ManagerACS State Healthcare - Atlanta, GA - 1999 to 2005Managed multiple Medicaid fiscal agent operational departments. Built effective working relationships with staff members and ensured operational issues were met expeditiously.➢ Managed numerous EDI trading partners and ensured adherence to all EDI processing service level agreements, including automation mailroom paper processing.Team Supervisor - Combat VeteranUnited States Marine Corps - Jacksonville, FL - 1999 to 2005Led 15 staff members in multiple dangerous situations during Operation Iraqi Freedom.EDUCATIONMBAAuburn University - Auburn, ALBA in BusinessFlorida State University - Tallahassee, FLSKILLSCertified Scrum Master - CSM 2013ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Areas of expertise include:* Large Scale Software Deployment * Project Management * Staffing & Resource Management * Change Management * Vendor Management * Systems Integration* Portfolio Management * Agile Methodologies* Healthcare Billing, Claims Cycle Workflows * Training & Development