Caterina Garon, MBA Controller/Director of FinanceNew York, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/cf113ca47739cc29WORK EXPERIENCEController/Director of FinanceAmerican National Standards Institute - New York, NY - October 2009 to November 2014Senior Manager of FinanceAmerican National Standards Institute - New York, NY - April 1998 to October 2009Controller/Director of Finance♦ Managed daily operations of the Accounting Department effectively and efficiently while ensuring the accuracy of all transactions processed. Monitored and reviewed cash flow projections with VP, Finance and Senior Accountant to enable management to plan an effective operation that is tied to the strategic planning process.♦ Worked with VP, Finance and Senior Accountant to provide monthly financial information to senior management and staff as appropriate.♦ Managed Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable functions. Oversaw Payroll function and coordinated payroll functions with Payroll Administrator and Human Resources Director.♦ Worked with Senior and Staff accountants on coordinating the month-end and year-end closing process. Booked necessary journal entries on a monthly basis. Reviewed financial statements for accuracy and clarity. ♦ Monitored Foreign Exchange Forward rates in Swiss francs for International Dues payments (interacted with Wells Fargo).♦ Monitored delinquent accounts receivable in all departments with the assistance of the A/R Administrator; made adjustments for uncollectible fees.♦ Worked with VP Finance, Senior Accountant; IT to find and implement new budgeting and forecasting software and develop/improve financial systems.♦ Worked with external accountants performing the annual audit and tax filings, including A-133 and pension audits.♦ Reviewed monthly bank reconciliations and monthly commission reports prepared by the Accounts Receivable Administrator.♦ Performed special projects as assigned.Senior Manager of FinanceBudget Analysis♦ Responsible for the quarterly budgeting process: prepared annual budgets, developed, installed and maintained the Institute's budgeting and forecasting systems.♦ Analyzed financial operations, estimated future revenues and expenditures in conjunction with annual operating budget. Prepared monthly financial and variance analysis reports to management.♦ Based on projections received from control center managers, evaluated if there was a concern with anticipated financial projections based on past projections, present earnings and future trends.♦ Reported and evaluated actual results for development and tracked analysis of operating budget.General Accounting♦ Responsible for monthly close functions including monthly accruals and maintenance of the General Ledger. ♦ Prepared accurate monthly financial statements including Profit and Loss and Business Line and other various accounting reports in a timely manner.￼♦ Prepared management reports, extensive account analysis, general and specific project auditing. Prepared monthly narratives to describe current financial standing and explained any major variances to budget.♦ Led the external audit process, creating all required documents for auditors and assisting with requests from auditors.♦ Prepared documents for filing with the IRS including the Form 990.♦ Maintained the general ledger account numbering system and generated reports.♦ Applied formulas and allocation methods used within the accounting system for the Institute. ♦ Worked on special ad hoc projects.Senior AccountantFull-Time Temporary Assignment - New York, NY - December 1997 to April 1998Senior AccountantCollege Television Network Inc - New York, NY - October 1996 to December 1997AccountantBelCom, Inc - New York, NY - June 1994 to May 1996AccountantVestpro Management Corp - New York, NY - October 1991 to June 1994AccountantBlu Chip Limousine Service - New York, NY - August 1987 to September 1991AccountantFourth Federal Savings Bank - New York, NY - July 1985 to July 1987EDUCATIONMasters of Business Administration in FinancePace University June 1988Bachelor of Science in FinanceFordham University May 1985ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTalented and resourceful Controller with extensive experience providing leadership and coordination of company financial planning and budget management functions; ensuring company accounting procedures conform to generally accepted accounting principles.Over twenty five years of experience in all aspects of Financial Accounting, which includes financial statement preparation and financial affairs, overseeing financial analyses of operations, including interim and final financial statements with supporting schedules for the guidance of management, budgeting and forecasting.Strong ability to motivate teams to produce quality materials within tight time frames and manage several projects; excellent professional written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills.SOFTWARE SKILLS:Microsoft Dynamics, Microsoft Forecaster, iMis, Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Word.