Christopher RuizExperienced Finance and Operations ProfessionalTownship of Cranberry, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Christopher-Ruiz/98539a2b4a1f34ffBusiness Professional, experienced in managing a variety of functions including Financial Planning & Analysis and Operational Finance. Strategic thinker with strong analytic ability, motivated, and organized. Skilled in developing projects and driving them to successful and timely completion. Approaches job with the highest ethical standards. Experienced in working with all levels of an organization.WORK EXPERIENCEDirector, Global Operations FinanceMylan Pharmaceuticals - 2009 to 2015A $7 billion developer, manufacturer, and distributor of generic pharmaceutical products.Director, Global Operations FinanceProvided business operations support, and financial representation to strategic sourcing, global operational audit, and quality. Activities include strategic planning, forecasting and budgeting, managing profitability improvement programs, review of capital requests, make vs. buy analysis, and measuring key performance metrics. Project work included implementation of a global costing system, developing a tracking process for cost savings related to product transfers, evaluating internal and external laboratory testing costs in Europe, and serving on an indirect cost reduction program.Director of Financial Planning & AnalysisProvided financial and analytic support to the Asia-Pacific region, which included operations in Australia, India, Japan, New Zealand, Singapore, and Taiwan. Responsible for quarterly earnings guidance to executive management, coordination of the budget and strategic planning process, evaluation of the monthly forecast, analysis of business risks and opportunities, and financial closing support.Director of Financial ReportingThermo Fisher Scientific - 2003 to 2009A $9 billion worldwide manufacturer and distributor of supplies and equipment to clinical and research laboratories.Director of Financial Reporting – Global Supply ChainResponsible for the financial planning, reporting, and accounting for 18 domestic warehouses and the functional areas that support them (i.e., engineering, quality, finance, transportation, and purchasing). Established key cost savings initiatives focusing on labor productivity, reductions in loss and damage, and decreased packaging costs. Used Oracle, SRC/Business Objects, and Hyperion to report financial and productivity results. Evaluated capital appropriation requests utilizing NPV, IRR, and cash flow analyses. Coordinated the quarterly financial forecasts and annual operating budget.Manager Special ProjectsResponsible for managing the shutdown of the Indiana, PA manufacturing facility and subsequent transition of product to an existing facility in Iowa and a new facility in Malaysia. Transition responsibilities included identifying SKU’s to be rationalized, and variable costing analysis to determine products subject to outsourcing. Shutdown responsibilities included meeting with the local state senator, scheduling production to meet￼customer demand, bridging production with the startup at alternate facilities, coordinating liquidation of fixed assets through an auction company, and selling of the building. Startup activities included traveling to Malaysia to assist with the facility layout, interviewing potential staff, assisting engineering with the setup of BOM’s and router’s, coordinating sourcing activities, and ensuring quality procedures were in place.Plant ControllerEmployed at the Indiana, Pa. manufacturing plant. Had financial and systems responsibility for two plants comprising the Lab Equipment Division. Reported to the VP of Finance and supervised a staff of six. Utilized ManMan for shop floor controls and financial reporting. The plants used cellular manufacturing combining MRP, pull systems, and lean manufacturing concepts. Operationally responsible for the annual physical inventory and monthly perpetual reconciliation. Worked with the plant manager to scale production in line with sales projections. Developed annual standards for labor, overhead, freight, and material purchases.Manager, Financial Planning and AnalysisNewell Rubbermaid - Anchor Hocking - 1999 to 2002A $7 billion global manufacturer and marketer of branded consumer products and their commercial extensions, serving an array of retail and specialty channels.Manager, Financial Planning and AnalysisEmployed at the Lancaster, OH corporate offices, which had sales of $220 million. Reported to the VP Controller and supervised a staff of six. Responsible for the general accounting, financial planning, and chargeback/rebill areas. Financially responsible for the Retail, Business to Business, and Food Service businesses. Enabled re-entry into New York City's Food Service business. Reduced customer invoice adjustments to their lowest point in three years. Introduced pricing strategies to drive factory volume. Reintroduced cash focus and utilization of NPV into the Sales and Marketing areas.Plant ControllerEmployed at the Monaca, PA glass manufacturing facility, a three-shift operation producing 75 million pieces of glass annually. Reported to the VP Controller and supervised a staff of eight. Responsible for all finance and system operations of the plant. Introduced the Inventory Quality Ratio method to control inventories. Implemented a new quoting system that reduced turnaround time by 2 weeks. Improved rebill collection by 50% and reduced past due accounts by 6 days. Ensured profitability of 50 new product/program introductions and successfully introduced two price increases across all product lines. Responsible for all budgeting, forecasting, and standard cost activities.Senior Department SpecialistGeneral Motors - Hughes Electronics - 1991 to 1999A $20 billion provider of products, services and solutions in aerospace, defense, and commercial markets.Senior Department SpecialistEmployed at the Electro-Optical Division, Telecommunications and Space Sector, and Hughes Network Systems Division. Started in March 1991, and was promoted twice. Reported to a Business Unit Controller. Financially responsible for a $400M multi-year contract with BellSouth to develop cellular infrastructure. Program analyst for Asian and Domestic programs. Managed new business resources for selling, bidding, R&D, and capital. Served as the Critical Path Modeling consultant for government programs. Provided IRR, NPV, and sensitivity analyses for telecommunication and satellite systems. Developed the Sale Leaseback and Lease vs. Buy models used throughout the company. Analyzed potential divestiture and acquisition candidates. Provided competitive analysis for new ventures. Implemented a standard management controlbook for executives. Responsible for the annual and 5 year budgeting of the Income Statement, Balance Sheet, and Cash FlowStatement.EDUCATIONM.B.A. in FinanceCarnegie Mellon UniversityB.S. in Industrial ManagementCarnegie Mellon University