Christopher MorrowMBA Advisor - PEP - ENTREPRENEURSHIP PROGRAMFort Worth, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Christopher-Morrow/daa1ef0fc46c33ce Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEMBA AdvisorPEP - ENTREPRENEURSHIP PROGRAM - Cleveland, TX - July 2014 to PresentCleveland, TexasGraduate of leading, nationally-recognized entrepreneurship program July 2014 - PresentPEP teaches entrepreneurship to carefully selected, proven leaders with high potential for major societal impact. Graduates are coached by top executives nationally and have received coverage in NBC Nightly News, Fox News, Wall Street Journal, New York Times and Entrepreneur Magazine. Each graduate is matched with an MBA Advisor from universities including Harvard and Stanford.• Founded business concept called Precise Logistics Transportation.• Authored complete business plan, including 12-month Excel operating budget and financial analysis.• Delivered 30-minute presentation to a nationwide judging panel consisting of CEOs and investors.• Took intensive classes for six months in business management and entrepreneurship, with topics including marketing, finance, competitive strategies and market assessment.• Learned AP Styleguide writing and mastered presentation skills, delivering 150+ presentations.• Continuing with Executive Mentoring Program and Entrepreneurship School.• Earned certificate in entrepreneurship from Baylor University, Hankamer School of Business.Machine Operator/Quality ControlSTATE OF TEXAS - Palestine, TX - December 2013 to June 2014Operated a heavy roller machine• Coordinated a crew to optimize production output.• Ensured that the quality of goods was above satisfactory.Owner/General ManagerMORROW CONSTRUCTION - Fort Worth, TX - July 2008 to February 2011Managed multiple crews on residential and commercial job sites.• Hired and trained employees.• Analyzed blue prints for take-off materials list in order to develop an accurate estimate.General ManagerC.M. Tech Support - Fort Worth, TX - March 2007 to February 2011Hired and trained all employees.• Maintained a 97% customer satisfaction rate.• Built, and supported, residential and commercial network interfaces.Shipping and Receiving SupervisorMarco Company - Fort Worth, TX - February 2007 to November 2008 Responsibilities￼Maintained an active inventory of over 1 million partsEnsured load safety while loading.Helped develop a new inventory software to keep a more accurate inventory stock list. Developed scheduling for product delivery and coordinated with trucking companies.AccomplishmentsHelped impalement a new inventory control software to create a more efficient way to track product shipment and receipts.Skills UsedFork lift operator (both stand up and sit down) Quality ControlCustomer Service with trucking companiesShipping and Receiving SupervisorMarco Company - Fort Worth, TX - March 2007 to June 2008Responsibilities- Maintained a rolling invetory of over 1 million parts.- Trained any new hires to the companies SOP's- Ensured that all orders where shipped in time to reach their destination on or before the set time.AccomplishmentsHelped create a new inventory software that allowed for a rolling inventory stock of over 1 million parts.Skills UsedFork lift driver Customer relations Sales coordinationEDUCATIONAssociates in Applied ArtsTRINITY VALLEY COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Palestine, TX June 2013 to February 2014ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Skills• Forklift Operator• Proficient with Microsoft Office 2008 and later• Accomplished Competent Communicator (Toastmasters International)