Denise Polo-Perez Finance Analyst I /MBA consultantHouston, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Denise-Polo-Perez/a45e712e1274d19eWORK EXPERIENCEFinance Analyst I /MBA consultantSELENE FINANCE - Houston, TX - May 2012 to June 2013Minimize losses through management of attorney to ensure Foreclosure process is consistently progressing. • Prepare, review and distribute monthly financial reports to stores and cost/profit centers• Track expenses and revenues vs. budget and reforecast and analyze fluctuations• Prepare monthly consolidation and executive financial package• Coordinate financials questions/answers among stores and the Treasury and Accounting & Control departments• Prepare annual financial information binder to be provided to the external auditors• Prepare quarterly operating reports• Respond to routing inquiries from customers, debtors, and attorneys. • File title claims with title companies and monitor through completion.Financial Analyst (CONTRACT)BANK OF AMERICA - Plano, TX - November 2011 to May 2012Responsible for, but not limited to, evaluating foreclosed loans during the File Review and/or Claim Review process and Vendor management.• Determine if all required loss mitigation activities were handled and documented in accordance with the requirements of HAMP, proprietary modification or other programs' requirements (in effect at the time of the Foreclosure process), prior to making the final foreclosure determination.• Primary focus is on those files or claims requiring a General or Limited C & G Determinant file review however may be assigned other Limited Determinant file/claim inventory as directed by the Team Lead.• Ensure that all required processes and procedures were followed; system of record notated, documentation available/imaged and appropriate borrower communication (verbal and written) was performed accordance to SD Directives/Internal Operating Procedures.• Review files in their entirety, and determine whether or not any errors, misrepresentations or other deficiencies that may be identified in the Foreclosure Review resulted in financial injury to the borrower or the mortgagee. • Review foreclosed loans, evaluate whether or not they were processed in accordance with HAMP, BAC Proprietary ModificationFinancial Analyst ILITTON LOAN SERVICING - Houston, TX - October 2010 to October 2011Oversee and assess workflow processes within the Foreclosure Department to enhance timeline performance within FNMA & Goldman Sachs guidelines.• Conduct conference calls and manage vendors and attorneys to ensure that they are in compliance with LLS/Goldman Sachs directive.￼• Tracks financial status by monitoring variances from plan.• Determines financial status by comparing and analyzing plans and forecasts with actual results.• Improves financial status by analyzing results and variances; identifying trends; recommending actions.• Reconciles transactions by comparing and correcting data.• Increases productivity by developing automated applications; eliminating duplications; coordinating information requirements.• Provides information to management by assembling and summarizing data; preparing reports; making presentations of findings, analyses, and recommendations.• Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations.• Accomplishes finance and organization mission by completing related results as needed.• Manage Attorney/Vendor management performance and host monthly meeting with firms on performance. • Travel if requiredTrust & Estates ParalegalWELLSFARGO - Houston, TX - May 2010 to October 2010 Temporary Contract position)• Preparation of probate documents.• Preparation of Federal and State Estate, Inheritance, Income and Gift tax returns.• Preparation of Estate planning documents including Last Will and Testament, Revocable and Irrevocable Trusts.• On-going interaction and communication with attorneys, opposing counsel, clients and other third parties.• Perform due diligence examination and review of documents for various types of trust and estate transactions. • Organize and produce final document deliverables for attorneys, opposing counsel and clients.Foreclosure Litigation ParalegalLAW OFFICE OF MARSHALL WATSON - Fort Lauderdale, FL - March 2009 to May 2010Supporting the legal process of foreclosure properties in the State of Florida.• Responsible for 800+ files handling legal documents such as complaints, motions, notice of hearings, affidavits, defaults, and notice of actions.• Responsible for reviewing title reports, issue and prepare title claim letter to underwriters, responses to Attorney pleadings such as motion to dismiss, extension of time, vacate motion to default.• Prepare responses to Attorney pleadings such as Motion to Dismiss, Extension of time, Vacate Motion for Default etc.,• Schedules hearing with judicial assistant and coordinates dates with opposing counsel.• Prepare files for Final Summary Judgment of Foreclosure Hearings and calculation of the final judgment totals.• Provide Service delays, Judgment and sales results to client.• Provide client with foreclosure fees and costs.Senior Corporate In-House Tax ERISA ParalegalMETLIFE - New York, NY - January 2008 to March 2009Prepared of formal documents for the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) and maintenance of US and Foreign patent prosecution case files.• Tracking invention submissions; coordinating the preparation and filing of patent applications; assisting in diligence process for M&A activities, supporting licensing activities; and acting as direct Client Relations Liaison between the legal and engineering departments and outside counsel.• Reviewing IP-related agreements including non-disclosure agreements, development agreements, consulting agreements, etc., and refining templates for same; working with outside counsel to monitor US and international patent preparation, prosecution and maintenance.• Responsible for supporting the legal department in day-to-day operations of the corporate legal function. Manage and maintain several key areas, including (a) patent and trademark portfolio (b) corporate/SEC filings and related compliance and (c) contract process• Responsible for docketing and electronic filing in Legal department databases for worldwide patent prosecution.• Administering technology and trademark portfolios from initial concept through prosecution phase, including working directly with outside counsel and business operations to monitor prosecution activity.• Preparing and filing appropriate documentation for patent applications.• Coordinate electronic filings of patent applications and communications with the U.S.P.T.O.• Day-to-day coordination and close interaction with the IP Team and other members of the legal department and also includes review and negotiation of basic contracts, such as non-disclosure agreements and vendor contracts.• Manage Contract Process.• Prepare SEC filings, such as Form 10-K, and Form 10-Q• Review and Negotiate basic third party agreements e.g., NDA vendor contractsMortgage ConsultantAMTRUST BANK - Fort Lauderdale, FL - February 2007 to December 2007Responsible for asset-backed lending to specialty finance companies focused on the residential mortgage market.• Worked closely with senior bankers on presentations, assisted in the preparation of financial statements.• Provided financial solutions to corporate clients by underwriting, executing and monitoring existing mortgage deals; creating proposals, and marketing materials.• Interfacing with external and internal clients.Commercial Loan AnalystCITIGROUP - Miami, FL - March 2006 to February 2007Administer a portfolio consisting of various complex commercial and residential real estate loans.• Review loan documents, establishing new loans on system, maintaining all documentation on current loans and tracking disbursements.• Assist in the underwriting of new loans and renewals interfacing with external and internal clients.• Create and maintain individual loan spreadsheets, which include loan budgets amounts disbursed under the budgets amounts to be funded, total units under constructions and spec units and lots funded.Residential Mortgage AnalystBANKUNITED - Miami, FL - December 2004 to February 2006Create and maintain worldwide corporate records database (web based, and soft copy databases)• Extract data from documents and prepare corporate data sheets for domestic and international subsidiaries. • Generate reports and manage corporate entity charting software.• Maintain/Create tracking systems and other information management processes for legal matters.• Oversee management of contractual documents that establish business relationships with vendors, customers and/or partners.• Assist in preparing, reviewing, revising, proofreading, redlining and finalizing corporate and transactional documents.• Coordinate the administration of physical contract files. Train and assist the support staff in building contract files, proper filing techniques and ongoing file updates.• Assist in the research of a wide variety of legal issues requested by the General Counsel.• Coordinate the administration of physical contract files. Train and assist the support staff in building contract files, proper filing techniques and ongoing file updates.• Assist in the research of a wide variety of legal issues requested by the General Counsel.• Advise management of the company's contractual rights and obligations, and any associated risks.• Assist the legal department with the performance of due diligence.EDUCATIONMasters in Business Administration in EducationNOVA SOUTHEASTERN UNIVERSITY - Fort Lauderdale, FL 2010Science Business AdministrationNOVA SOUTHEASTERN UNIVERSITY - Fort Lauderdale, FL 2006