Dyana Stams, MBA MarketingRoanoke, VA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/fc75378fb0b4e5acEnthusiastic, on developing a career in Marketing and Strategic planning. Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCERegistered Respiratory TherapistCarilion Clinic - Roanoke, VA - 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesI am Registered Respiratory Therapist working in the Emergency Department/ER Respiratory Pod. In addition, Carilion Clinic is a very assiduous Level 1 trauma center with helicopter access which extends its trauma coverage into North Carolina and West Virginia. Carilion Clinic is one of the largest well known hospitals In the state of Virginia, It hosts more than 703 beds with an additional 60 bed NICU, and 90 bed emergency department. There are also several different services of Intensive Care Units the hospital provides such as the Coronary Care Unit, Cardio Thoracic Unit, Cardiac Surgery Unit, Neuro-Trauma ICU, Medical ICU, Surgical ICU, and Vascular ICU. Lastly, Carilion Clinic is well known for its research, and its school affiliate, The Virginia Tech School of Medicine.Instructor of EducationRespiratory Care Program - Pleasant Hill, CA - August 2012 to PresentMy experience entails principles of teaching with student learning outcomes as they pertain to Respiratory Care. During my duration at Carrington I Taught students basic core sciences as well as respiratory care principles. Students were also taught to demonstrate skills in patient examination, assessment, treatment recommendation, and appropriate therapeutic intervention of various cardiopulmonary diseases, from neonatal to the intensive care settings. In addition, I helped the students with critical thinking, information management, personal and professional development, communication skills, respect, and responsibility.Registered Respiratory Care PractitionerKaiser Permanente - South San Francisco, CA - August 2011 to April 2014Work as Registered Respiratory Therapist performing patient care in the private sector. Implementing Respiratory Therapist driven protocols, as well as everyday respiratory care throughout the hospital including Med/Surg, TCU, ICU and ER.Respiratory Care Practitioner IIAlameda County Medical Center - Oakland, CA - December 2009 to 2013I worked as a Registered Respiratory Therapist implementing patient care to various populations and cultures. Highland Hospital also serves the east-bay as one of the most demanding trauma center in the bay area. In addition, my experience consisted of working with Trauma ER, Trauma ICU, SDU, Level II nursery and floor care.Registered Respiratory TherapistPer Diem Staffing - Concord, CA - October 2009 to 2010 Ca￼Work at various hospitals in the bay easily learning the variation between hospitals quickly. Various hospitals attended include Sutter Delta-Antioch, Contra Costa Medical Center, Kaiser-Vallejo, Kaiser-Vacaville, Valley Care Hospital, San Ramon Regional and San Joaquin General.Personal Fitness CoachNew Direction Fitness - Danville, CA - May 2008 to December 2009Strength train mostly athletes who compete at elite levels of competition from PAC-12 Division I to the Olympics. Functional and sport directed training is performed for the athletic population to prevent injury and to improve outcomes for their future athletically.INTERN/VOLUNTEER WORKVarsity Weight Room - February 2005 to 2006Washington State University Pullman, WAStrength trained Varsity Cougar PAC-10 athletes including football, basketball, and track. In addition, was very involved in student athlete performance.VolunteerYMCA @WSU - January 2005 to 2006Washington State University Pullman, WAWorked as an assistant fitness program coordinator, for an after school program.EDUCATIONAssociate of Science in Respiratory TherapyWestern Career College - Pleasant Hill, CAMaster of Business Administration in Marketing ManagementKeller Graduate School of Management- Devry University 2013 to 2015Bachelor of Science in KinesiologyWashington State University - Pullman, WA June 2006SKILLSSKILLS • Bilingual and fluent in Spanish and English • Active member of the AARC • Active member of the CSRC • Proficient in MS Office, Word, Excel, SPSS, and Power Point • Certified in CPR/BLS, ACLS, PALS and NRP. • California Respiratory Care Board- RCP license is current. #29396LINKS http://carrington.edu/blog/carrington/spotlights/honoring-dyana-calderon-for-her-commitment-to-excellence/ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLS• Bilingual and fluent in Spanish and English • Active member of the AARC• Active member of the CSRC￼• Proficient in MS Office, Word, Excel, SPSS, and Power Point• Certified in CPR/BLS, ACLS, PALS and NRP.• California Respiratory Care Board- RCP license is current. #29396* Virginia Department of Health Medicine- license for Respiratory Therapy. [...]