Eli Harris MBA/CPA- CFOCedarhurst, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Eli-Harris/b1675e5713579f5cAn experienced hands on financial professional in Construction, Real Estate, Wholesale and Public Accounting who is able to impact financial management and cost structures, as well as streamline all aspects of business operations. Able to setup startups with the proper financial infrastructure, as well as guide established companies in structuring management to adapt to new opportunities, while maximizing effectiveness of existing operations.Areas of ExpertiseEvaluating and Using ERP Systems • Budgeting/P&L Accountability• Board Interface & Strategic Planning• Working Capital • Treasury • Portfolio management •Corporate Finance• Business Analytics • Accounting • HRWORK EXPERIENCECFO/Director of FinanceDanya Cebus Construction, LLC - New York, NY - February 2014 to February 2015ResDanya Cebus Construction, LLC, NY, NYGeneral Contracting Company that builds apartment buildings in NYC areaCFOManaging Multiple projects totaling $200 Million 2014-2015• Developed growth strategies that took the company from $16M in revenue to a backlog of over $200M in revenue.• Direct and oversee all Accounting functions including Financial Reporting, quarterly Reviews, yearly Audit and Tax Reporting. Maintained a close working relationship with our outside auditors.• Deal with banks daily. From overseeing cash management to securing multi-million dollar letters of credit and bonds from Bank Leumi and Zurich Surety for our projects, despite being a start-up company.• In charge of all aspects of managing and acquiring Insurance, covering the general contractor and/or owner for ground up construction projects including but not limited to the use of OCIPs and CCIPs.Within months I bid out and negotiated project specific Insurance on projects ranging from 6 Million to over 30 Million a project (in NYC). With rates as low as 2.35% of hard cost of the project, for 2 million per, top line and 15 million additional (usually involving 3-4 carriers).• Spearheaded an ERP installation; SAGE (formerly Timberline) 300 Construction and Real Estate, which increased operational efficiencies. Encompassing all the modules Payables, Receivables, Cash management, Billing, Job Cost, GL and Financial statements, Contracts, Project Management and Purchasing. Extensive knowledge in the use of Sage in all the areas.• Managed and supervised the installation of Timberscan software, an electronic invoice approval system, making approvals seamless and expeditious. Trained staff in both its use and Sage's.• Taught accounting staff in a way that led them to take on larger roles than those they were initially hired for. • Thorough understanding of cost codes and its importance in allocating Costs (through the use of the CSI master Format cost code system) across all projects to their associated jobs. This allows for tracking all costs of a project versus its schedule of values with the owner and subcontractors contracts.• Extensive knowledge of AIA pay application documents and using them in and out of Sage regarding percentage of completion for revenue recognition.• Involved in reviewing contracts for insurance purposes, payment issues and GMP. To make sure we had the language required for cross indemnification if necessary and to insure a smooth revenue stream.• In charge of all HR issues from hiring to managing payroll and workman’s comp.￼• Initiated company’s multi-tier health care plan. This saving the company over $100 thousand in just the first year.Skills UsedLeadership/management skills, training, relationship building within and without the organization. Accounting, Finance, problem solving, work ethic, roll up your sleeves attitude which is very important in the installation of a new system that and a willingness to have an open door policy. Ability to handle multiple projects.CFO/COOArmstrong Capital - New York, NY - February 2013 to February 2014Responsibilities and AccomplishmentsCompany owns and manages Commercial Real Estate in NJ and PAResponsible for Finance/Accounting Department and coordinating the smooth operation of the office and interaction with different financial institutions, properties, principalities and tenantsResponsible for Finance/Accounting Department and coordinating the smooth operation of the office and interaction with different financial institutions, properties, principalities and tenants.• Helped company save millions in duplicate interest and penalty payments from a default, by finding and submitting documents and spreadsheets that proved it.• Supervised accounting and all accompanying functions. i.e. recording, reporting, taxes, insurance. • Handled daily crisis's regarding principalities where properties are located.• Supervised property managers.• Constant problem solving and multitasking.• Supervised accounting and all accompanying functions. i.e. recording, reporting, taxes & insurance. • Dealt with banks on a daily basis regarding financing and debt service.• Adept at Yardi.CFOLerakoli, Inc. - New York, NY - August 1999 to February 2013ResponsibilitiesWholesale Diamond Distributor• Worked my way up from Senior Accountant to CFO.• Created accounting policies and procedures that saved 30% in operating costs that led to a well designed and timely financial reporting system.• Overcame management resistance to upgrade all systems by being persistent and persuasive by showing them the value of change.• Supervise, review / approve chargeback's, A/R, A/P, billing, G/L and journal entries, oversaw acquisition and adaptation of accounting software.• Generate budgets, variance reports and forecasts based on past, present and future expectations.• Manage bank / tax audits while preparing quarterly and year-end financial results.• Handle all Treasury functions.• Manage company's large investment portfolio while increasing its value over 300%.• Supervised and trained 20 employees in all areas including accounting and sales.• Outstanding relationships with vendors and auditors, resulting in greater efficiency, maximum flexibility, and lowest costs.• Hold an integral role in corporate strategic planning including company health and benefit plan, organizational structure decisions and human resource issues.• Collaborate in 7 figure decisions on buying / selling inventory critical to profitability.• Representing the company at functions around the world, establishing and maintaining relationships with buyers and sellers. Developing new profitable ventures.• Maintain positive relations with banking, factors and diamond industry contacts.• Instrumental in finding and moving our offices, twice, to nicer and more cost effective offices.EDUCATIONMBA in Finance and International businessNYU Stern School of business - New York, NY 1990 to 1994BA in Double Major Accounting/EconomicsBar-Ilan University - Israel 1985 to 1988ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCPA 1992 after working at a large Public accounting firm (Berdon LLP). Finished Bea Gamma Sigma at NYU Stern,