Eva Navarro Finance / Accounting AnalystHatillo, PR - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Eva-Navarro/15e4713e288e1b00WORK EXPERIENCEFinance / Accounting AnalystHumana Health Plans - San Juan, PR - 2012 to 2013Prepare, analyze and review financial data, transactions, and reports, including ad hoc data request in order to reconcile payment discrepancies.• Assist internal and external auditors in gathering information.• Calculates, prepares, and issues bills, invoices, account statements and other financial information. Identify ways to re-engineer current reports and processes.• Manage control between the platforms assuring data integrity.• Accounts receivables analysis and reconciliation, supports the month ending close process.• Prepare and present financial data to management for review and decision making.• Research and analyze financial information necessary to support internal and external audit activities.• Decreased over 84% accounts with discrepancy in a 2.5 month range.• Successfully handle unusual/difficult accounts by redistributing payments and adjustments back two years.AccountantTriple-S Vida Inc - San Juan, PR - 2004 to 2012Selected to apply premium payments to customer accounts.• Audited outstanding balances in an Aging Report in order to make any necessary attempts to collect them. • Maintained records, constantly seeking new ways to keep bad debt over 60 and 90 days under the minimum. • Posted the receivables, adjustments and write off to General Ledger to complete monthly account statements and reconciliations before time.• Decreased accounts due over 90 days by 35 % in a three month period.• Wrote procedure's manual for the Billing and Collection Department.• Proactive planning, developing and implementing processes of effective collecting accounts.• Established, analyzed and approved collection procedures for different insurance products.Fiscal OfficerAutomeca Technical College - Caguas, PR - 2001 to 2003In charge of every collection and outstanding balances owed to the Institution.• Received and posted payments to the student accounts.• Provided guidance to students and their parents in regards to the Institution's payment process. Reported accounts due to Collection Agencies.• Requested payment books for every new account. Created, maintained and organized students files.• Worked with all the students' balances between their Pell Grant, Student Loan and the cost of their tuition, establishing payment contracts.• Billed all outstanding accounts by sending letters and making calls.• Interacted with students in order to let them know their payment responsibility for their tuition.Accounting Clerk II/Credit and CollectionIntegrand Assurance Company - San Juan, PR - 1997 to 1998￼Assisted with policyholders, banks, agents and co-workers' phone calls about daily remittance. • Posted payments received.• Prepared bank deposits on a daily basis.• Performed data entry.• Helped in the account receivable process.• Processed daily remittance received.• Provided support to customer inquiries.• Made calls to agents and banks in order to reconcile remittances.EDUCATIONMBA in FinanceInteramerican University of Puerto Rico - Arecibo, PR 2014 to 2016BA Business Administration in AccountingInteramerican University of Puerto Rico - Arecibo, PR 1990 to 1993