George Skaros Finance Director - Sodexo, IncSewickley, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/George-Skaros/88290468ed882891WORK EXPERIENCEFinance DirectorSodexo, Inc - Wexford, PA - 2011 to PresentProvide financial guidance and lead the budgeting, forecasting, and strategic planning for a Healthcare business portfolio valued at up to $400M. Interpretation of contracts, communication of financial results, and partnering with executive leadership to deliver outstanding value and bottom-line results.• Develop and execute 3 year strategic plan focused on profitable growth, while monitoring business performance and continuously evaluating operational needs (SG&A), new business support & analysis, and George T. Skaros, M.B.A.219 Orchard Lane | Sewickley, PA 15143412-953-6774 | gtskaros@yahoo.comstaying abreast industry trends, competitor activities, and economic risk factors.• Perform complex analysis and modeling of new and existing business and investment opportunities. Models have been used to make key investment decisions and have improved cash flows, ROI, and profit margins in each business decision that I have been part of. Margins improved up to 5% on new business.• Extensive project management experience on "highly visible" corporate initiatives/process improvements.• Supervise, develop, and coach 2 financial analysts and 1 finance manager.Senior Finance ManagerSodexo, Inc - Gaithersburg, MD - 2007 to 2011Assisted Finance Director in managing the forecast, annual budget, month end close, and strategic planning process for a $300M business portfolio of domestic and international business.• Performed contract reviews and ensured that contractual terms were being executed from a financial and accounting perspective - e.g. Purchasing Rebates, Manufacturer Discounts, Client Billing, etc.• Ensured completion of accurate and timely weekly/monthly/annual financial reporting, and performed financial analysis and long-term modeling of new and existing business.• Prepared strategic communications and executive/board presentations, and made business recommendations based on interpretation of analysis of financial and market data.• Lead the monthly performance management reviews of the business portfolio and conducted reviews of financial and operational results with business managers.Finance ManagerSodexo, Inc - Gaithersburg, MD - 2007 to 2007Analyzed manufacturer volume reports, as well as discount and rebate calculations.• Analyzed purchase mix and made recommendations to operations for cost saving alternatives.• Performed month end close duties, developed long and short term purchasing forecasts, and trend reports. • Non-routine Ad Hoc responsibilities and participation in special project teams.• Implemented revised data analysis techniques and established best practices for financial staff.Senior Financial AnalystMortgageIT - Buffalo, NY - 2005 to 2006Performed analysis of statistical and sales data to appraise operating results of regional mortgage centers.￼• Created Financial models used to calculate commissions payments for over 250 loan officers and five billion dollars in funded volume.Senior AccountantSodexo, Inc - Williamsville, NY - 2004 to 2005Primary support for accounting, audit, client billing, and data analysis needs for large geography of businessStaff AccountantHSBC - Buffalo, NY - 2003 to 2004Performed general accounting responsibilities including journal entries, account reconciliations, and billing.EDUCATIONMasters of Business Administration in EducationUniversity of PittsburghB.S. in Accounting and Business AdministrationState University of New York at Buffalo - Buffalo, NY The Institute of Management AccountantsADDITIONAL INFORMATION Core Competencies• Leverage Experience Backed Judgment• Trusted Business Partner to Executive Teams• Financial Budget/Forecast/Financial Close• Financial Planning & Analysis/Strategic Planning• Challenger/Innovator of Financial Tools & Processes • Actively Maintain Business Knowledge• Capital Investment Analysis and Tracking• Contract Interpretation & Analysis• Executive Presentations/Business Reviews• Extensive Project Management Knowledge• Supervise and Coach Professional TeamQualifications Profile* Extensive experience in management & financial reporting, business strategy, and budgeting/forecasting processes with a proven ability to partner with business leadership and effectively provide financial leadership focused on driving profitable growth.* Deep understanding of accounting policies and contract analysis with a long history of leading the development of timely and thorough financial analysis used to identify cost savings, develop recovery plans, and support the execution of the organization's business strategy.* Committed to maintaining an exceptional reputation based on proven leadership abilities, technical expertise, accuracy of financial reporting & analysis, business acumen, and excellent customer service.* Over ten years of professional experience in roles of progressively increasing responsibility demanding superior judgment, management abilities, influence, and communication skills.