H. Andrew Lawrence Entrepreneurial Business and Marketing ProfessionalRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/H-Andrew-Lawrence/cf8e21e5d1f4ac82An entrepreneurial business and marketing professional with broad strategic and tactical experience that has successfully identified and realized new growth opportunities in B2B technology oriented markets. A strong team builder and hands-on leader that has successfully led multi-functional and cross business unit teams in collaborative efforts to implement new business strategies and product concepts. A visionary, solution oriented, critical thinker with strong P&L and general management skills that has demonstrated innovative approaches to solving problems and making decisions. A lifelong learner that has a passion for the challenge of building business and getting results.Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEAdjunct Professor- Online Executive MBA ProgramRochester Institute of Technology - 2009 to PresentInstructor of management consulting Capstone projects for EMBA candidate students.• Identification and vetting of proposals for alignment with EMBA program requirements.• Advisor for teams in selection, setup and execution of a 24 week consulting project.• Mentor for teams on consulting engagement principles, application of previous EMBA course content and client/team problem resolution.• Seventeen management consulting projects successfully delivered to global brands, local not-for-profits, high tech startups and services companies in multiple industries.Management ConsultantLincware, LLC. - Rochester, NY - 2013 to 2014Retained by CEO to assist with go to market strategy and support for the sales and marketing team.• Worked with the company leadership and staff to develop its initial version of mission, vision and core values. • Provided insights and guidance on sales and marketing best practices and processes for the team to follow. • Led the marketing team to develop a set of product launch deliverables for its new SaaS based HR offer.• Worked with the channel sales VP to manage pipeline activity and identify new growth areas.• Successfully achieved readiness of lead generation, support materials and training of partner sales teams.Worldwide Solutions ArchitectEastman Kodak Company - 2012 to 2013Champion for services and solutions development and delivery in a $25M content management services business.• Leader of the worldwide team of software developers and regional architects that certify platforms and technologies from internal R&D, line of business and business partners.• Driver of business strategy development and execution providing direction on R&D and SGA requirements for budget, staffing and training plans.• Planner of development and delivery environments that drive process transparency and predictability.• Developer of quoting and demo processes for use with regional sales that successfully built customer demos and won projects for a scanning center in Germany and an AP application in the US.Marketing Director￼Eastman Kodak Company - 2008 to 2012Director of marketing strategy for a $60 million dollar Business Processing Outsourcing business. Designer of consultative professional services offers for the Kodak Solutions for Business start-up.• Director of the strategic marketing plan and budget built to support a new growth opportunity.• Creator of an Asia based business research team that provides support for consultative sales executives.• Manager of communications programs built with industry analysts for senior executives in target markets.• Developer and decision maker on all content (case studies, whitepapers, and brochures) for print and web based delivery channels.• Developer of the policies and procedures for managing channel and partner conflict.• Developer of service chains and supporting content to facilitate the sales process for back office optimization, records modernization and digitization services offers.• Managed the first project delivery for a banking client in Hong Kong resulting in additional services revenue. • Leader of a cross-divisional team that developed and delivered a complete digitization factory for a major motion picture studio, won initial consulting contracts valued at $250K and then translated the consulting projects into a multiyear, multimillion dollar operations contract.• Conducted financial modeling and analysis and negotiated contracts with key technology suppliers to obtain corporate approval to spend $1M. Regional team awarded contracts of $8.8M.Solutions Business ManagerEastman Kodak Company - 2004 to 2008Director for cloud based product and services business for both finance and commercial market segments in the US.• Leader of the market attack plan that outlines offers and the markets they are targeted toward.• Manager of all voice of customer activity including customer focus groups, channel partners and market analysts.• Developer of the process to identify qualified partners for building solutions offers.• Leader of teams in all commercialization activities that met launch date targets established by management. • Director of all marketing and the sales team activity that successfully recruited and trained 30 channel partners to complement direct sales activities.• Met launch readiness goals and captured initial business with a large casino to automate their cash flow.Worldwide Marketing ManagerEastman Kodak Company - 2000 to 2004Director of worldwide marketing strategy for a portfolio of information capture and archiving products that achieved year over year growth of 13%.• Director of the strategic marketing plan and budget to support the business revenue and earnings targets.• Builder of channel programs and pricing to support sales activity.• Manager of voice of customer (VOC) activities in current and new markets using service records, survey vehicles and direct with client focus groups.• Lead communicator of key messages at industry events to end users and media/analyst community. Consistently achieved 90% and above presentation approval ratings.• Developer of content for articles, white papers, literature that establishes and strengthens market presence with audiences. Content appeared in periodicals such as Directors and Boards, CNNfn.com and Business Week.Sr. Product ManagerTreev, Inc - Herndon, VA - 1998 to 2000Leader of an enterprise content management product line.• Managed overall P&L of an enterprise software product that managed reports for financial institutions.• Developed a product roadmap to prioritize activity and build software to market specifications.• Led the team to develop and launch the businesses first Internet client software (eTreev) and achieved $2M in sales in first two years of availability.EDUCATIONMBARochester Institute of Technology 2007BS in Electrical EngineeringRochester Institute of Technology 1994LINKS http://lnkd.in/UessgKADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCOMPETENCIESManagement and Leadership Marketing/Business Development Program/Product Management • Cross Function/Business Teams• Strategic and Tactical Planning• Budgeting• Portfolio P&L• Industry/Market/Company Research• Product Launch Planning and Delivery• Direct Sales and Channels Development • Solutions Sales Support and Delivery• Management Consulting• Product/Services Lifecycle Management • Commercialization• Services and Solutions Development￼