Hamid Etaei, CMA, MBACorporate Financial Planning and Business Analysis SpecialistWalnut Creek, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/ffc1048e527d9fa3A results oriented, highly analytical Finance professional with 8 years’ experience driving corporate financial planning processes and performance management across Financial Services, IT, manufacturing and public sectors. Innovative and creative in controlling costs and improving efficiencies for large multinational organizations. An MBA and CMA with real world hands-on experience providing value to corporate financial planning and performance management initiatives.Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEAnalytics ConsultantWells Fargo - San Francisco, CA - December 2014 to PresentResponsibilities• Review management reporting and analysis processes for Basel reporting team, conduct in-depth research to identify complex reporting problems, and recommend strategies to resolve these issues.• Update and validate FFIEC 101 schedules A through S, FFIEC 102, FR Y-14 and H-CR reports using Essbase and OBIEE, review Q-o-Q variances, communicate with work streams to collect commentaries, and update the Senior Management Team with MRA (Matters Required Attention) issues.• Built automated models to update and validate FR Y-14 vs. H-CR line numbers, FFIEC 101 vs. FR Y-14 and Management Reports reducing maintenance efforts and time by 30%.• Work closely with development and production teams, as well as with business analysts and Deloitte consultants to prepare business cases and business required documents (BRD) implementing changes emerged from Basel III regulatory updates, or reporting models enhancements.• Review and validate impact of change requests on regulatory reports including FFIEC 101, FFIEC 102, FR Y-14 (standardized and advanced), FR Y9-C and FFIEC 031/041, ensuring proper implementation of change requests.• As a Subject Matter Expert (SME), assist with regulatory reporting processes including timely filing of FFIEC 101 and FFIEC 102 reports in accordance with the applicable instructions.Senior Consultant, Financial Planning and Business AnalysisSuccess Business Consulting - April 2011 to November 2014• Assist small, medium-sized and large businesses across various sectors with financial planning, forecasting, budgeting, and modeling requirements. Scotiabank, Royal Bank, TD Bank, and The Ian Martin Group with plan sizes ranging from $100M to $2.5B were among my clients.• Support clients with defragmented small businesses with value-added analysis of their financial and operational strategies, identifying opportunities to improve operational efficiencies and revenue growth.• Assist startups and other clients with business cases preparation and feasibility analysis of their programs through analyzing relevant cash flow and applying financial techniques including NPV, IRR, and ROI.• Build complex financial tools monitoring and graphically depicting success of clients’ programs and initiatives.Senior Consultant, Planning and Forecasting Models AnalysisScotiabank, Canadian Banking Finance Group (Finance Transformation Projects) - May 2013 to March 2014Reported to Director of FP&A, and Director of Business Finance￼• Streamlined and automated complex planning and forecasting models and manual processes using OBIEE and advanced MS Excel functions including Index, Indirect, Address, Match, Pivot table, V-Lookup, Sumifs, etc. for Canadian Banking Finance Group (Retail, Small Business, and Commercial).• Analyzed existing Business Objects and Excel-based financial models and reports, reengineered reports using new PeopleSoft GL Chart Fields in OBIEE environment, and integrated reports with OBIEE data extracts. • Redesigned and redeveloped Profit and Loss, Margin, Average and Reasonability Testing Models and financial ratios including ROA, Operating Leverage and Productivity using OBIEE Saved Customization feature and data extracts.• Represented Finance to gather business requirements for IT, scope change and system configurations.• Participated in User Acceptance Testing (UAT) ensuring reports and system meet business requirements.Senior Financial Analyst, ProjectsSun Life Financial, Enterprise Services Finance - September 2012 to May 2013 Reported to SVP Enterprise Services, and Director of Business Finance• Led comprehensive actual, budget and forecast analyses with commentary using Hyperion Essbase- SmartView, and advanced Excel functions on Company’s multiple products, channels and cost centers, and presented results to Management Team.• Designed, developed and successfully implemented automated financial models using Hyperion and advanced Excel functions measuring success of Enterprise Services Initiatives.• Built financial tools evaluating alternative forecasting methodologies and scenarios for chargeback revenues of $260M.• Used Hyperion Planning tool to building reports, budgets, and creating models and forecast numbers.• Assisted expense managers, product and service owners with annual budget and quarterly forecast processes.• Reviewed and refined key performance indicators (KPI) and scorecards, resulting in more effective tracking of performance.• Communicated with Heads of Operations in US and Canada, gathered productivity data, and created executive level management reports, analyses and presentations for Productivity Council and Board of Directors.Senior Consultant, Profit & Loss Analysis | Process ImprovementThe Ian Martin Group (Head Office) - January 2012 to September 2012 Reported to CFO and VP Finance• Analyzed profit and loss of business units using JD Edwards, identified root causes of fluctuations in financial results, and provided practical solutions to Senior Executive Team reducing these anomalies.• Built and documented automated financial models using advanced Excel functions including offset, Macro, sumifs, pivot table, V-Lookup, etc. eliminating inefficient manual processes of revenue and expense recognition, billing, and recording of accruals. Increased accuracy and control by 40% and reduced Operations staff’s workload by 20%.• Collaborated with system developers integrating financial concepts used in above models in their new Project Workforce Management System.• Coached operations staff on proper treatments in recording revenues and expenses in accordance with GAAP.• Assisted cross-functional managers with their modeling, forecasting and analysis requirements.• Reviewed current business processes, proactively identified areas of concern, challenged the status quo, and discussed efficient process changes ensuring accuracy and integrity of financial information.Senior Consultant, Financial Planning & AnalysisRoyal Bank of Canada, Global Functions Finance - April 2011 to September 2011 Reported to Senior Manager Finance• Engineered and developed sophisticated financial models supporting 5-year strategic plan for annual non- interest expense of $1.3B using Business Objects (INEA), Hyperion and advanced MS Excel functions.• Developed rate and resource allocation models computing volume and rate changes at platforms and Line of Business (LOB) levels increasing accuracy and transparency of cost computations and reporting by 30%. • Conducted and published to platforms detailed monthly and quarterly actual to plan and prior year variance analysis including cost transparency reports on lowest service levels used by platforms and LOB’s.• Computed FTE and support services impact of discontinued operations resulting from sale of RBC Bank in US.Senior Financial AnalystOntario Education Collaborative Marketplace - May 2010 to April 2011 Reported to CFO and VP Finance• Analyzed cash flows, costs and benefits of e-marketplace IT projects using NPV, ROI, IRR, and Payback Period methods leading to termination of those projects achieving projected annual savings of $4 million.• Supported Executive Team by evolving business cases reflecting changing assumptions and scenarios.• Designed, developed, implemented and documented financial models validating institutional procurement spend data and earned revenue streams, increasing internal control and meeting external auditors’ requirements.• Assisted with annual operating plan, quarterly forecasts processes and financial projections, and conducted variance analyses with commentary on actual vs. plan and forecast on monthly, quarterly and YTD basis.• Performed cash flow and business operational trend analysis identifying profitable strategic sourcing.• Provided Ontario Government with timely, relevant and accurate financial information and reports.Senior Consultant, Financial Planning and ForecastingTD Bank, Retail Distribution Finance - July 2009 to November 2009 Reported to Senior Manager Finance• Supported annual planning processes through building, redesigning and testing financial models for $38B Sales Volume, $2.5B Sales Revenues and $134M 3rd Party Income for 1100 branches across Canada.• Achieved 30% improvement in business results and decision making by constantly researching volatile market and revising economic indicators in forecasting models.• Determined impact of economic factors including GDP, CPI, MLS, Housing Starts, Unemployment, and PDI on regional and branch network bottom-line including sales revenues, sales volume and product pricing.• Worked with cross-functional teams integrating goals and strategies into long-term growth and annual operating plans.• Reviewed and rebuilt branch network cost allocation model using activity-based costing (ABC) data.Financial and Business AnalystCanadian Imperial Bank of Commerce - April 2003 to April 2007- Telecom Expense Management, Consultant, Financial Analysis and Reporting (Jan 2005 - Apr 2007) Reported to Director of Revenues• Developed and maintained financial models allocating telecom expenses to transits across Canada, UK and US.• Assisted with development of annual operating budget, Capex, rolling forecasts and uploads using Hyperion. • Reviewed vendors’ billings ensuring compliance with contractual obligations, and implemented controls mitigating risk and eliminating potential duplicate errors in vendors’ payments.• Acted as liaison with vendors’ representatives resolving discrepancies, resulting in recoveries or payment adjustments.• Assisted in identifying, exploring, and implementing automated solutions streamlining processes, reporting requirements and analysis, leading to implementation and transition to a Telecom Expense Management (TEM) Billing System.- Card Products Division Finance, Consultant, Accounts Analysis and Reporting (Apr 2003 - Nov 2004) Reported to Senior Manager, Operations Finance• Accomplished expert reconciliation and resolution of outstanding items within 60% of allotted time.• Reclassified wrong entries, instituted corrective actions correcting mistakes and preventing recurring problems.• Successfully completed investigations, reconciliations and reporting on GL:M and ABGL suspense accounts.Associate Financial AnalystSony of Canada, Operations Finance - November 2002 to February 2003Responsibilities• Processed high volume of invoices using SAP, and managed month-end closing, adjusting entries, accruals, and reconciliation of GL accounts.EDUCATIONCertified Management Accountant (CMA)Institute of Certified Management Accountants of the United States - New Jersey, NB 2010 to 2011Master of Business Administration (MBA) in Corporate Finance, Management Accounting and International BusinessYork University, Schulich School of Business - Toronto, ON2007 to 2008Bachelor of Arts in AccountingUniversity of Isfahan 1994 to 1998SKILLSStrategic planning, financial modeling, forecasting, budgeting, trend analysis, revenue and cash flow projection, performance management, efficiency and process improvement, cost control, benchmarking, development and analysis of KPI’s, financial ratios and variances analysis, business cases and cost/benefit analysis, financial and management reporting, internal control, financial statements preparation and analysis, risk management, cost allocation, Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition (OBIEE- Release [...] PeopleSoft GL, Hyperion (Planning, Financial Management, Essbase - SmartView - Release [...] Business Objects (INEA), JD Edwards, Crystal Reporting, SAP, SQL, and MS Office 2010 (Advanced Excel , PowerPoint, Word, Access)