Hayley KrachNorwood, OH - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Hayley-Krach/3fb5dad2d6347da4Analyst: Obtain an analyst position in a strong and growing company. Adept at applying quantitative and analytical skills in evaluating market data and company dilemmas. Bring strong ownership to complete projects independently and within teams, using excellent communication, problem-solving and relationship building skills.WORK EXPERIENCEStudent WorkerMBA Office, Xavier University - Cincinnati, OH - September 2011 to PresentProvide superior customer service to students in the Executive MBA Program.• Order and provide catering for all Xavier MBA events.• Addressed and communicated issues and concerns among students, Xavier instructors, and administration. • Seek out and eagerly accept administrative tasks to help staff, resulting in increased efficiency and productivity.• Track inventory and supplies with strong attention to detail, close office independently, and successfully balance academics and work.Data Analyst InternKey Retailing, Kroger - Blue Ash, OH - June 2014 to August 2014Compiled customer, financial, and sales data reports for Kroger's Meat/Seafood process improvement team with Excel and Business Objects.• Analyzed data and gave project recommendations to team based on customer data and Overall Satisfaction Score findings.• Presented reports/findings with Microsoft PowerPoint to Kroger executives, team members, and large groups of people.• Multitasked to complete multiple vital data projects simultaneously.Brand Challenge Team LeadKao Brands - 2014 to 20142014)• Led team to help research and create marketing strategy for KAO brand product.Sales AssociateTalbots - Portland, OR - 2013 to December 2013Used professional communication and fashion knowledge to provide high levels of customer service to customers and strong sales within a competitive environment. Achieved highest sales June 2013.• Entrusted with cash register responsibilities and Talbots Store Credit Card promotions.• Tracked inventory and made recommendations for store layout design.LEADERSHIP &VOLUNTEER CONTRIBUTIONSEDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Business Administration￼Williams College of Business April 2000Xavier University - Cincinnati, OHADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLS• Computer: Excellent skills with Microsoft Office Products, Business Objects, Minitab, Apple Products, QuickBooks, InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, JMP/SAS (data mining), Yellow Belt (lean/six sigma) training. • Language: Proficient in reading and writing in Spanish.