Hope BlackmanFinance Specialist - Salix Pharmaceuticals, IncWake Forest, NC - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Hope-Blackman/20077030d56f8676WORK EXPERIENCEFinance SpecialistSalix Pharmaceuticals, Inc - Raleigh, NC - March 2013 to PresentResponsible for preparing journal entries and monitoring invoices for accruals. Responsible for assisting in major APsystem enhancements and upgrades. Also handled standard accounts payable functions in addition to Procurement Card and travel card account management, Sales & Use tax payments, recurring payments and 1099 reporting.• Prepare prepaid and fixed asset reports with invoice copies for accountants to post to the GL during month- endprocess.• Create month-end GL and Open Items reports through ERP system to ensure reports balance before processinginvoices in the new period.• Collaborated with Financial Analysts to confirm GL coding, solve purchase order issues within Ross ERP system and ensure invoice items during month-end and closing accrual process were not double-booked.• Assisted supervisor with auditing invoice batches for errors to create a more efficient work flow.• Use Excel to process and organize large amounts of data from P-Card and travel card accounts• Assumed an indirect supervisory role for 3 AP Clerks, interacting daily to effectively facilitate required duties. • Accepted lead role interacting with external Concur project manager via weekly status calls to successfully implement P-Card data processing into Concur system.• Cross-trained AP team members on P-Card, Sales & Use Tax, and recurring payment processes.• Trained and educated all pertinent employees on how to complete the new check request form and subsequentsubmission to AP team, as well as the use of the MDM database for HCP data search.• Conducted training sessions for internal administrative employees to learn the new P-Card process• Successfully trained 2 additional AP contractors on full AP functionalities, who later became permanent employees.• Worked closely with Financial Planning and Analysis team by testing the function and flow of purchase order system enhancements, as well as the new AP automated system in Concur.• Provided internal implementation team with insights on the AP process and strategic best practices for SunshineAct implementation phase II.• Partnered with external Ross ERP representative to review current system process and determine future needs forHCP data.• Performed numerous tests and retests in Ross ERP for Sunshine Act projects and worked in tandem with the ITdepartment to ensure ultimate functionality and accuracy.• Interacted with Santarus' Finance Coordinator and vendors to facilitate a smooth transition during and after 2014￼acquisition.• Led quarterly new hire orientation presentations for Accounts Payable department in large and small group settings.• Obtained Targeted Selection interviewer certification.Accounts Payable CoordinatorSalix Pharmaceuticals, Inc - Raleigh, NC - June 2009 to March 2013Responsible for solely managing general accounts payable functions including invoice processing, check matching and vendor inquiry.• Effectively managed a 30% increase in company-wide invoice volume due to 2011 corporate growth.• Successfully responded to a 55% increase in invoice volume in 2012 by restructuring the AP team process. • Acted as lead AP resource for yearly audits by pulling requested documentation as needed.• Successfully trained the AP contractor who later became a permanent employee. Assumed a mentoring role to assist with required duties.• Provided direction to IT department for capturing required Sunshine Act data.• Led a training demonstration for upper management in Finance and IT on effectively applying Sunshine Act regulations to AP functions through Ross ERP.• Developed initial layout of new check request process to comply with Sunshine Act requirements for use of the entire company.• Acted as lead AP resource for implementation of mass voucher import into Ross ERP for coverage gap ACH payment.• Implemented an AP inbox to create better access for customer/vendors.Accounts Payable AssistantCleary Gottlieb Steen - Hamilton, WA - February 2007 to December 2008Responsible for coding invoices for accounts payable processing, auditing voucher reports for errors and handling vendorinquiry issues using Elite Enterprise system. Responsible for processing check payments and performed petty cash duties as needed.• Effectively designed and implemented Accounts Payable manual, consisting of 30 concepts that is currently beingused to aid new and existing employees.• Organized meal forms and downloaded biweekly Seamless Web file to Excel. Arranged spreadsheet with propercoding charges to each firm or client account.• Reviewed and approved Necho system transmittal forms as needed. Identified and corrected coding errors after consultation with staff accountant.• Interacted with accounting assistants to provide solutions to various invoice inquiries.• Interacted with Partners and Administrative Director on a regular basis to obtain check signatures.• Communicated with Department Managers for invoice approval before payment.Expense Report AssistantHogan & Hartson, LLP - Washington, DC - August 2005 to February 2007Responsible for processing attorney expense reports for reimbursement in various office locations according to firmguidelines.• Input expense report entries into Elite Enterprise system to keep account balances updated.• Assisted coordinator in creating attorney payroll deduction list to determine the accurate amount needed to be deducted from each attorney account.• Interacted with Administrative Assistants on daily basis to obtain additional expense report information.• Worked as a team to get all reports processed and finalized at month-end closing.Personal BankerBank of America - Washington, DC - August 2004 to August 2005Responsible for selling overall product line, responding to customer inquiries and resolving account issues. Oftenacted as a Teller Coordinator due to short staffing in the office.• Opened deposit accounts to establish relationships with banking center customers.• Provided financial products and services to achieve sales goals.• Submitted loan applications to deepen customer relationships with banking center.• Assisted Teller Coordinator with transferring cash from the vault to the teller drawers.• Verified large overnight cash deposits by matching actual dollar amounts with deposit slips. • Settled Teller drawers when end of day totals are short or over balanced amount.Accounting AssistantCareer Center - College Park, MD - June 2003 to May 2004 Responsible for handling the data entry of department purchases.• Tracked the process of each department purchase via reconciliation report.• Prepared forms for deposits of various companies.• Assisted in training of new accounting supervisor during her transitional period.EDUCATIONM.B.A. in magnaCampbell University December 2014B.A. in EconomicsUniversity of Maryland - College Park, MD August 2004ADDITIONAL INFORMATION TECHNICAL SKILLS SUMMARY• Ross ERP• Concur• Extensive experience with Accounts Payable functions • Invoice database management• Elite Enterprise• Necho Expense• Microsoft Office: Excel, Word, Outlook, and PowerPoint