James Pickering, MBABusiness Operations with expertise in customer service, marketing, technology, communications, project managementRoxbury, MA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/69afef0be8aae2f9A professional Business Analyst and Project Manager with 14+ years of experience. Significant experience in using technology to create efficiencies for company operations, to enhance staff capabilities, and to improve both internal and external customer service. Consistently tapped to take on new projects due to ability to quickly understand and effectively implement new processes. Within a healthcare setting, demonstrated expertise in providing technical support to both clinical and administrative staff. Passionate about helping people and companies find real solutions that make a difference. Expertise in analyzing business and technical processes in order to develop new or modified business systems, processes and improve quality. Talent for researching and testing processes to support key business initiatives and drive the implementation of new systems and changes in quality assurance/control.WORK EXPERIENCEIT Specialist & Marketing Support RepresentativeOLD COLONY HOSPICE, INC - Randolph, MA - 2010 to PresentTechnologyPrimary contact for technical support, managing 70 computers and 50 smartphones. Oversee Allscripts EMR system, including maintaining proper security and upgrades according to HITECH and HIPAA regulations.Key Accomplishments:• Reduced costs by taking over 95% of all IT activities that had previously been handled by outside consultant • Set up RFP process, contracts and relationships with technology vendors to support IT infrastructure• Implemented IT request and tracking process for all employees through a web-based ticketing system• Spearheaded 6-month project to transition Blackberry smartphones to iPhones; renegotiated contracts with Verizon, resulting in significant cost savings• Projected managed complete overhaul of website from start to finish, completed on time and under budget • Assisted in redesign of Allscripts EMR software customization as part of Product Transformation team• Team lead quality assurance and reporting initiatives as it related to clinical operations and Information TechnologyMarketingIdentify and cultivate key contacts with potential community referrers such as VNAs, home care companies, elder services programs, public health officials and councils on aging. Corroborated with Director of Marketing & Community Relations on development and execution of marketing plan and public relations activities.Key Accomplishments:• Rebranded company with new website, log and slogan• Developed website in order to receive donations and sign participants up for philanthropic events and community programs• Reworked all content to support employees' internal use and to serve as a marketing communications platform• Utilized Hubspot CRM software and inbound marketing tools to manage and maintain all website and social media activities￼Premier Account AnalystGRANITE TELECOMMUNICATIONS - Quincy, MA - 2009 to 2010Teamed with Account Managers to assist clients with billing issues, maintenance of communication lines, outages and reporting for Fortune 500 corporate communication accounts. Liaised with customers to resolve all communication issues related to telephone, broadband, wireless and other communication services.Escalation Support SpecialistNESTLÉ WATERS NORTH AMERICA, INC - 2008 to 2009Communicated with management and customer service specialists to ensure that vital client issues were resolved. Key member of development and testing team that designed new module for CRM software implemented for new product and customer service platform.Customer Services & Sales SpecialistNESTLÉ WATERS NORTH AMERICA, INC - 2003 to 2008Sold products and services for both residential and commercial delivery customers. Coordinated with various organizational departments to manage accounts and retain loyal customers. Regularly maintained sales conversions and up-sales to over 50%.Quality Engineering AssistantJOHNSON & JOHNSON, INC - Raynham, MA - 2002 to 2003Assisted with the quality testing of medical device instruments and reported results to Quality Engineering management. Created and maintained custom spreadsheets to aid in analyzing data.EDUCATIONMaster of Business AdministrationSalve Regina University - Newport, RIBachelor of Science in MarketingUniversity of Massachusetts Dartmouth - Dartmouth, MAAssociate of Science in Computer Graphics & New MediaJohnson & Wales University - Providence, RISKILLS• Project Management • Process Improvement • Customer Relationship Management (CRM) • HIPAA & HITECH • Business Analysis • Strategic Planning & Analysis • RFPs, Contracts and Vendor Relationships • Quality Assurance • Research • Marketing & Community Relations • Technical Support • CommunicationsLINKS https://www.linkedin.com/in/jamesmpickeringADDITIONAL INFORMATIONProfessional Training HIPAA Compliance and HITECH regulationsSoftware￼Microsoft Suite (advanced user): Access, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Outlook; Publisher, SQL Studio Management, Exchange Management ConsoleHealthcare: Allscripts Homecare EMR; HealthWyse EMRApplications: Razor’s Edge by Blackbaud (nonprofit fundraising) GoToMyPC (remote desktop)QuickBooks (accounting)Symantec and Norton anti-virus productsSAP Sybase SQL AnywhereHubSpot (website management)Adobe, Java (computer graphics and new media design) Active Directory (domain controllers)AFFILIATIONSAmerican Marketing AssociationFuture Business Leaders of America — Professional Division International Institute of Business AnalysisProject Management InstituteAmerican Society for QualityANSI - American National Standards InstituteHealthcare Information and Management Systems Society (HIMSS) Scrum AllianceSociety of Corporate Compliance and EthicsAmerican Society of Clinical Laboratory Sciences