Jane CiampiCortlandt Manor, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jane-Ciampi/1bab9707da37d269WORK EXPERIENCEFinance Director, FP&A and SAP IntegrationNBC UNIVERSAL, INC - 2008 to October 2014Directed process of developing all P&L budgets and long-range plans for multiple operations and collaborated with SVP/VPs regarding impact of decision-making on departmental P&L financials. Managed the balance sheet ($1.8B) budget and long-range planning process for owned stations group. Provided expertise on projection guidelines to station vice presidents and developed division-wide policy guidelines. Consolidated all balance sheet submissions for cash flow planning for corporate reporting.- Conceptualized and developed a profit sharing application tool for Local Media Digital group.- Revolutionized efforts of reporting open receivables, related cash receipts and liability to platform partners by reducing manual tracking from days to less than one hour.- Revamped entire accounts receivable aging ($218MM) reporting process by reducing report preparation time from days to 1-2 hours per monthly cycle and vastly-improved quality/relativity of metrics. Instituted new reporting standards for 12 Telemundo TV stations based on the improved OTS report structure.- Provided direction for balance sheet monthly closing and managed post-close reporting and variance-analysis requirements, as well as special tax, fixed assets, cash flow and other corporate closing requirements.- Created new accounts receivable metrics (Days Sales Outstanding - DSO), for 22+ Owned TV Station Division businesses, subsequently adopted by division, to set cash targets for AR collections activities.- Partnered with SVP, Tech Ops to prioritize ~200+ TV station capital investment projects each year and identify and achieve millions of dollars in cost reduction opportunities. Designed a no-fee application to consolidate project cost proposals, cash flow projections, and report on several-hundred projects; achieved buy-in from 10 finance teams.- Represented the division for the one year general ledger conversion from PeopleSoft to SAP partnering with corporate, IT, design consultants and others to transition entire TV Stations business (55 business units). Coordinated all stations finance personnel for milestones for integration project. Received promotion to FP&A five-months-in due to success of transition.Finance Director, East Coast Production OperationNBC UNIVERSAL, INC - 2002 to 2008Managed all quarterly closing activities (journal entries, reconciliations, risk pacing, cash flow, variance analysesetc.), financial statement and ancillary reporting requirements. Developed budgets and 3-5 year long-range financialplanning for all Studio Operations, Graphics and Editing groups. Supervised, coached and trained staff.• Controlled all studio facility and manpower cost allocation processes. Implemented a new liquidation planning model. Eliminated historical problem of silo planning for over 50 other shows and events. Successfully-opened communication lines with shows to discuss and finalize labor costs planned for shows.• Consistently achieved overhead savings each year valued at several million dollars.• Charged with solving cost tracking issues. Developed and managed a Microsoft Access application for detailed￼planning of ~$100M of labor cost. Conceptualized and implemented the combined operational/financial model to provide immediate financial figures and achieved buy-in from all teams to use new process.Business Manager, Financial Planning & AnalysisNBC UNIVERSAL, INC - 1998 to 2002Balanced operational role with financial planning and analysis role (FP&A). Managed all consolidated and detailed monthly/quarterly closing activities, financial reporting to corporate, translation of foreign currency financials to US dollars, achievement of cash flow targets and headcount tracking. Directed a five-person finance team on preparation of game-specific financials and presentations on behalf of the president of the Olympics division. Supervised, coached and trained staff.- Conceptualized and managed a three-game financial planning system that captured all unique domestic and international Olympics games cost elements, comprising $3B and report-on results at the touch of a button.- Charged with summarizing several hundred Olympics contracts in a monthly report, including elements such as key operational points, cash outflows, cancellation analysis and other components, for discussion with COO of Olympics.EDUCATIONM.B.A. in FinanceFordham UniversityB.B.A. in AccountingIONA CollegeLINKS http://www.linkedin.com/pub/jane-ciampi/7/ab/985ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCOMPUTER KNOWLEDGEMicrosoft Excel, Access, Word, PowerPointSAP G/L, SAP BW, PeopleSoft, Oasis, Wide OrbitOTHER QUALIFICATIONS (Recognition, Awards, Other) Accounting Honor SocietyRegents ScholarshipJane CiampiOther Testimonials*"Jane possesses and has exhibited the abilities to analyze and absorb advanced concepts and present them in a clear and concisemanner. She uses good judgment in making conclusions and proposing resolutions."Richard KatzManager, Corporate Finance & Accounting Division NBC Universal, Inc.￼"I always held Jane in the highest regard and learned much from her. Even through all of that chaos we lived through, she wasalways a lot of fun to work with too!"Christopher OliverScheduling Manager -Network & Cable Ops, Operations & Technical Services Division NBC Universal, Inc."Jane has a can-do attitude, displays positive attitude and focuses on break-through ideas. She's persistent in driving change evenwhen others resists. She manages her time well and finds time to work on additional projects while managing a heavy workload.She consistently shows ability to pull seemingly unrelated information together to arrive at a root cause of problems andsolutions. She is sought out by other team members for guidance."Chief Financial Officer, Operations & Technical Services DivisionNBC Universal, Inc."I am amazed by the long list of Jane's accomplishments during her time with the OTS division." Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, West Coast Television GroupNBC Universal"Jane is exceptional at trying to simplify the job - she makes it her intent to make her job more efficient. She invests 200% ofherself in doing the best job possible."Vice President Business Planning & RegulatoryCablevision Systems Corporation"Jane has demonstrated high performance in supervising staff. In assigning new tasks, she challenges the staff to learn newthings, try new ways, improve methods, etc."Chief Financial Officer, MSNBC Desktop DivisionNBC Universal, Inc."Jane is reliable, works wells with peers and superiors, works well under pressure and has very good analytical and decision-making skills she works independently and with self-initiative. Jane is, without a doubt, managerial material anywhere in theFinance organization.Manager - Financial Reporting, Corporate Finance & Accounting Division NBC Universal, Inc.*A name is indicated in cases where contact was completed for permission to use quote- to be updated as confirmations are received.