Jeffrey Harrison - CMA Director of Finance - SodexoBoyds, MD - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jeffrey-Harrison---CMA/6f5acd62c3fa60ae• Successful management background in financial operations, database management, cost controls, business analysis and internal audits, presentation development as well as multiple project management, program implementation and process design for a world-class industry leader.• High-capacity leadership experience in business operations, strategic planning, new business development, diplomatic problem resolution, opportunity identification and industry networking initiatives.WORK EXPERIENCEDirector of FinanceSodexo - Corporate FP&A - 2013 to PresentCorporate staff controller overseeing all financial aspects of a $275M corporate overhead budget, including budgeting, forecasting, reporting, capex review and other ad-hoc analysis.➢ Finance work stream lead for Affordable Care Act implementation➢ Developed complex databases for Labor Relations to analyze performance using disparate data from payroll, legal, and financial ERP.➢ Working as a business partner with Human Resources, Communications, and Diversity departments to evaluate future operating models, ROI models, and organizational deployment strategies.➢ Serving as Chairman of the Sodexo Employee Business Resource Group: PANG (Pan Asian affinity group with over 500 members).Sodexo, Gaithersburg, MDDirector of FinanceSodexo - HealthCare - Gaithersburg, MD - 2007 to 2013In charge of managing all financial operations with a direct report and $30 million budget for Group Purchasing Organizations with this provider of a wide array of non-core services to the healthcare marketplace. Continually design tools and tracking mechanisms to drive new business development, product rationalization, competitive analysis, compliance strategies and benchmark-based initiatives.➢ Negotiated contracts with HealthTrust & Novation worth over $1.2 billion in revenue; also processed and approved payments, totaling $28 million annually, as well as $6-7 million in balance sheet reconciliations for strategic alliance affiliations.➢ Earned a "Sales Contribution Award" for developing and delivering business modeling tools that leveraged competitive intelligence and helped to drive $250 million in new growth for the healthcare sector.➢ Team lead in developing complex pricing models for business development teams to use when modeling large multi-site proposals.➢ Introduced procurement conversion strategies for non-purchasing clients that accounted for $10 million in new operating profit annually.➢ Initiated product rationalization strategies for housekeeping supply purchases that created a competitive offering for existing clients into a $100 million market space.➢ Developed complex models used in competitive analysis and performance benchmarking for the $20B Food & Nutrition Service and Environmental Services marketplace￼Senior Finance ManagerSodexo - 2006 to 2007Responsible for all levels of financial reporting for 40 federal operating locations, representing over $85 million in managed revenue. Effectively handled budget formation and analysis, along with accurately forecasting revenue and operating profits.➢ Selected as Division Representative for the CLEAR Project involving SOX compliance and business process improvements.➢ Performed new business unit review; also trained and oriented operations staff in DM Compliance Dashboard and Transfer JE Review.➢ Rapidly generated ad hoc analysis and reports for both internal and external customers.Financial AnalystSodexo - 2004 to 2006Coordinated financial reporting functions and operational support for the Mid-Atlantic area, encompassing 180 operating units and over $250 million in managed revenue.➢ Nominated for a "Spirit of Sodexo Award" in 2005 because of excellent team participation and job performance.➢ Project-led the CLEAR implementation during the financial system conversion after the merger with the Wood Company in 2005.➢ Liaised with cross-discipline teams to continually enhance operational performance in productivity, product cost and capital employed.➢ Improved current receivables by 18%, reduced DSO by 21% and decreased bad debt reserve by $370,000. General ManagerSodexo - 1999 to 2004Directed all aspects of multimillion dollar food service operations at multiple sites for such clients as Bank of America, Marriott International, Lockheed Martin and Westat.➢ Succeeded in increasing unit sales by 25% and decreased operating costs by 3% over last 2 years through comprehensive process improvements.➢ Achieved 0% staff turnover during same period with a team of 11 professionals; also acted as District HR Coordinator for the Northern VA/Maryland area.➢ Held retail restaurant management positions between 1992-1999; gained hands-on expertise in business operations, payroll, cost controls, customer service, regulatory compliance and quality assurance.EDUCATIONM.S. in AccountingUniversity of Maryland - Adelphi, MD 2014M.B.A.George Washington University - Washington, DC 2004Michigan State University - East Lansing, MI 1992SKILLSMicrosoft Excel, Access, Word, &PowerPoint; Hyperion Products: HFM, Brio, & Essbase; SAS; SAPADDITIONAL INFORMATIONAREAS OF EXPERTISECorporate Finance ● Strategic Planning ● Risk Management ● Internal Controls ● Cost/Benefits Analysis ● Business Forecasting ● Performance Metrics ● Competitive Analysis ● Sales Forecasting ● Client Services ● Due Diligence ● Budget Planning ● Process Improvements ● Financial Statements ● Cost Controls ● Contract Administration ● Database Management ● Financial Reporting ● Business Plans ● Vendor Relations ● Systems Design ● Proposal Development ● Market Analysis ● Internal Audits ● Creative Troubleshooting ● Timely Problem Resolution ● Hyperion ● SAP