Jeffrey Rogers, MBAExecutive Director / Business Development SpecialistIndianapolis, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/d489c7d9c69f8e61WORK EXPERIENCEGeneral ManagerRogers Service & Solutions - Indianapolis, IN - September 2011 to PresentDrives organizational growth and development through effective strategic planning, in-depth financial and operational analysis, program/project management and continuous process improvement.* Specializing in increased revenue generation, cost containment, and operational efficiency* Exceptional transitional management & regulatory compliance* Sourcing & supply chain management for over 1.7 million fitness, medical, and amenity products and services * Contributes subject matter expertise in medical litigationHealth Services AdministratorCorrect Care Solutions, LLC - Indianapolis, IN - January 2010 to February 2011Managed and administered transitional environment and complete fulfillment of contractual obligations providing medical, mental health, dental, and dialysis services to multiple facilities through a single contract exceeding $10M.Administrated financial resources, corporate policy and directed clinical operations to ensure compliance at all site locations.* Decreased emergency medical costs by 70% within the first two months of new contract.* Established positive client relationships and stabilized transitional environment of start-up contract.* Collaborated with client to achieve first ever ACA accreditation as well as successful implementation of an electronic medical records system within six months of contract initiation.Clinical Pharmacy Strategies Division Program AdministratorWellPoint, Inc. - Indianapolis, IN - June 2008 to January 2010Reported to the Chief Pharmacy Officer, overseeing operational logistics, including budget analysis, corrective actions, process improvements, and project/program management for the Clinical Pharmacy Strategies division comprised of three Centers of Enterprise Excellence: Clinical Program Policy, Drug Information Services, and Strategic Alliances.* Lead Project Manager, Innovative Delivery Models sub-stream of the Health Care Value (HCV) 3-5 year WLP enterprise strategy development; including five enterprise-wide HCV strategic steerage initiatives.* Ensured compliance with budget and contract specifications and corporate policies; performed and reported program metrics assessments and developed informational databases.* Four time Impact Award recipient for outstanding organizational contribution in business plan development, process reporting improvements, and HCV initiative support.Health Services AdministratorAmerica Service Group (PHS) - Indianapolis, IN - August 2000 to September 2005Directed the financial, operational, and compliance functions of on-site departments, including medical records, laboratory services, pharmaceutical services, dental, x-ray, and mental health.Headed operations, securing and facilitating resources for on-site services, including emergency and acute care, ultrasound, chronic care, optometry, orthopedic, and physical therapy clinics.￼* Supervised resource allocation for off-site services to meet medical, mental health, and dental needs for 3,500 adult males in correctional facilities.* Maintained 8-station dialysis treatment facility and 32-bed infirmary.* Administered budgets of $15.4M for one facility and $1.6M for another facility.EDUCATION Indiana University