Jian Liu, PhD, MBAManalapan, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/211fefb30be32803To obtain a position in supply chain management that takes advantage of my extensive experience in pharmaceutical industry and project management, broad knowledge in drug development, contract manufacturing, and supply chain management, and strong skills in cross-functional team management, communication, and negotiation.Highlights• 10+ years’ experience in pharmaceutical and biotech industry.• PhD in chemistry and MBA in supply chain management (expected graduation in May 2015).• Comprehensive experience and knowledge in drug development (e.g., small molecules, nucleosides, peptides, and biologics), procurement, contract manufacturing, cGMP and CMC regulations.• Thorough knowledge in supply chain management and industry trends of global pharmaceutical and biologics contract manufacturing.• Project management experiences and technology transfer with external contract manufacturing to achieve increased business value to companies.• Broad knowledge and skills in data analysis, lean six sigma for continuous program improvement.• Over 20 publications in peer-reviewed journals and 8 patents.• Excellent communication, problem solving, team working, and negotiation skillsWORK EXPERIENCEMBA Candidate in Supply Chain ManagementRutgers The State University of New Jersey, Rutgers Business School - New Brunswick, NJ - January 2013 to Present• Led and delivered a consulting project to an industry client (a global manufacturing and supply group of a biopharmaceutical company) on strategic sourcing assessment of contract manufacturing by analyzing the industry trends of global pharmaceutical and biologic contract manufacturing, identifying new technologies in manufacturing process and finished dosage, and making recommendations.• Applied statistical models, R language, advanced Excel tools in the data analysis on the world health expenditure trend studies, the world’s 24 emerging economies business operation risk studies, and the evaluation of a third party logistics (3PL) strategy for a global healthcare company’s distribution system.￼SkillsProficient in MS Office Suite, Data Analysis using Excel, R, and MS Business Intelligence. Experience and knowledge on database management, SQL, SAP.Lean Six Sigma Knowledge.Post-doctoral Researcher/Visiting ScientistDepartment of Chemistry & Chemical Biology, Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey Brunswick, NJ - July 2012 to Present- NewResponsibilities• Engaged in the anti-malaria drug research & development program for Medicines for Malaria Venture (MMV) at Geneva, Switzerland with significant contributions to the delivery of a novel anti-malaria drug candidate (+)- SJ733 to the pre-clinical stage.• Led and delivered the project of the process optimization of (+)SJ-733 with a cross-functional team including a contract research organization (CRO) in India by 200% output improvement and 50% COGS reduction.• Supported the transfer of the process technology package of (+)SJ-733 to and agreement negotiations contract manufacturing for large scale production.• Established strong biologic knowledge on malarial parasite and related phenotypic assays.• Communicated with program managers and delivered research results to external collaborators. • Managed lab daily operations.• Managed procurement of reagents, equipment, and lab supplies for research & development.• Mentored three undergraduate students and one graduate student.Skills usedMedicinal chemistry and process chemistryDesign and synthesize small molecule drug candidates.Solve troubleshoot reactions.Adept at using analytical instruments (HPLC, chiral HPLC, LC/MS, NMR) in compound characterization. Develop structure-activity relationship data to drive projects forward.Adept at separations (regular and reverse-phase chromatography, high throughput purification, chiral HPLC).Senior ScientistPharmasset/Gilead - Princeton, NJ - November 2007 to April 2012Responsibilities• Engaged in drug research and development against Hepatitis C Virus (HCV).• Led and delivered 4 projects on nucleosides and small molecules against HCV with both internal sources and external CROs.• Managed 3 to 7 scientists from an external CRO in China in communicating with stakeholders, negotiating with the external CRO, defining and planning projects, monitoring and controlling project progress to deliver 3 novel and potent series of small molecules against HCV to achieve increased business value to the company by expanding the company’s pipeline from nucleosides to small molecules.• Established a database to monitor, analyze, and assess trends of external competitors in the anti-HCV area to support the company’s business development.• Managed procurement of reagents, equipment, and lab suppliesSkills UsedMedicinal chemistry, synthetic chemistry.Total syntheses of natural products and nucleosides including retrosynthetic analyses and forward syntheses. Design and synthesize small molecule drug candidates.Solve troubleshoot reactions.Adept at using analytical instruments (HPLC, chiral HPLC, LC/MS, NMR) in compound characterization. Plan and manage of external research efforts for contract research organizations and collaborations. Develop structure-activity relationship data to drive projects forward.Adept at separations (regular and reverse-phase chromatography, high throughput purification, chiral HPLC).ScientistJohnson & Johnson - Cranbury, NJ - November 2002 to October 2007Responsibilities• Engaged in the drug research and development in different therapeutic areas including oncology, immunology, pain relief, and diabetes & obesity complications.• Served as a project leader in medicinal chemistry, collaborated with members in cross-functional teams, developed and delivered drug candidates to different stages from lead optimization, pre-clinical, to clinical stages.• Originated synthetic technologies on heterocycles to expedite drug development.• Managed procurement of reagents, equipment, and lab supplies for related projects.Skills usedMedicinal chemistry, synthetic chemistry.Design and synthesize small molecule drug candidates.Solve troubleshoot reactions.Adept at using analytical instruments (HPLC, chiral HPLC, LC/MS, NMR) in compound characterization. Develop structure-activity relationship data to drive projects forward.Adept at separations (regular and reverse-phase chromatography, high throughput purification, chiral HPLC).EDUCATIONMBA in Supply chain management with GPA 3.9/4.0Rutgers The State University of New Jersey, Rutgers Business School - New Brunswick, NJ 2013 to 2015PhD in ChemistryThe Ohio State University - Columbus, OH 1997 to 2002MS in ChemistryWest Virginia University - Morgantown, WV 1995 to 1997BS in ChemistryFudan University - 上海市 1989 to 1993ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Affiliations• Member of Golden Key International Honor Society• Member of the Honor Society of Phi Kappa Phi• Member of American Chemical Society• Member of American Chemical Society Division of Organic and Medicinal Chemistry • Member of International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry• Member of Sino-American Pharmaceutical Professionals Association