Joan HuntExperienced Finance Leader - Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A), Strategic Planning, Budgeting, Forcasting, Reporting, Sharp Analytical Skills, Variance Analysis, KPI Tracking and Reporting, Business Unit PartnerCarlsbad, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joan-Hunt/abb30ba3729d6f47Sharp, energetic and results focused finance professional with over 10+ years proven success in high- growth, fast faced environments. Expertise in financial planning and analysis, accounting, strategic planning, budgeting, forecasting and reporting. Solid background providing financial leadership at the Business Unit level as the subject matter expert and business partner responsible for financial planning and analysis, product launch support, sales force compensation, resource optimization and business analytics. At the corporate level, I am highly experienced with corporate roll-ups, performance assessments, measurement and management reporting. I have a track record of successful partnership and collaboration with management, business users and outside consultant influencing the design, development, testing and implementation of cutting edge ERP solutions.Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCESenior Finance ConsultantFP&A - San Diego, CA - 2014 to PresentBusiness Unit Partner and OperationsProvide financial planning and analysis, accounting, strategic planning, budgeting, forecasting, reporting and treasury expertise to support domestic and global finance activities and business operations. Collaborate with executive and operations management to develop comprehensive strategic plans, budget planning and forecasting, tracking and variance analysis. Ensure comprehensive due diligence on business opportunities, products, pricing models, sales and profitability scenarios. Implement and/or establish policies to support effective decision making to enhance productivity and profitability. Perform various ad hoc financial modeling and scenario analyses to support overall business activities.Director of FinanceAltheaDx, Inc - San Diego, CA - 2013 to 2014Finance and accounting leader and business unit partner of this growth oriented commercial stage molecular diagnostic company. Prepared timely, analytical financial reports and dashboards and also contributed to the Board of Directors packages. Responsible for business planning, budgeting, revenue cycle management and reporting for both the Product Testing and the Diagnostic Testing business units. Supported the newly commercialized Diagnostic Testing business unit from launch through commercialization.Accomplishments:• Analyzed and refined revenue recognition procedures for both business units.• Engaged business unit leaders in planning, budgeting and forecasting to harmonize the process company- wide.• Led and developed a team of new hires from uncertainty to high performance.Sr. Manager - Finance and Special ProjectsSequenom, Inc - San Diego, CA - 2010 to 2012Primarily responsible for managing and performing all financial functions to support the sales and marketing operations of the Sequencing and Diagnostics business units. This includes preparing monthly and quarterly￼financial reporting packages for senior management. These report packages include business unit profitability and corporate level analysis and performance metrics. Collaborate with executive and operations management to ensure that a comprehensive strategic plan is compiled and updated as scheduled. Provide business support for senior management on new business analysis, sales and profitability scenarios and customer credit and collection issues. Implement and/or establish policies to support effective decision making and enhance profitability.Accomplishments• Consistently provide timely and accurate business analysis and recommendations to ensure proactive decision making.• Oversaw the development and implementation of ERP business analysis and reporting tools designed to streamline the reporting process. This resulted in more accurate, consistent and timely data for sales, collections and receivables aging.• Lead a team that successfully designed and implemented a product costing model using SAP for a new product launch. Project came in on time and under budget.Sr. Manager - Finance and OperationsGenentech, Inc - Oceanside, CA - 2007 to 2009Lead the financial management, reporting, stewardship and business advisory of the Oceanside Operations. Ensure that financial and accounting data and records are aligned with principles governing business operations (GAAP, SOX and the company's Good Operating Principles). Prepare actionable financial and operating reports providing management with strategic insights of operating trends and guidance for risk mitigation. Lead planning exercises (forecasts, budgets, long-range planning) and manage execution.• Consistent and timely preparation and presentation of financial reports including high level analytical insights and detailed variance analyses. Senior management use these reports to stay apprised of actual performance compared to the operating plan and periodic forecasts, key business drivers, operating trends and a radar to highlight opportunities and/or risks ahead.• Developed reporting format and education to ensure that business leaders understand the financial impact of operating decisions; align operating metrics with financial performance metrics.• Established SOPs and documentation of accounting policies and operating procedures to address issues such as excess capacity, shutdown, product changeover, etc.o Influenced the customization and implementation of SAP to ensure seamless interface between manufacturing, finance and other systems such as Hyperion, Essbase and Cognos.o As part of the SAP implementation project, improved and refined costing methodologies and lead the annual development and rollout of standard costs.Director, Budget and Financial AnalysisLigand Pharmaceuticals Inc - San Diego, CA - 2006 to 2007Direct the corporate budgeting and planning process including R&D expense budget, forecasting, capital spending, balance sheet and cash flow analysis. Support the successful implementation of enterprise-wide planning and forecasting systems to ensure appropriate controls and SOX compliance.• Improved the budget planning and forecasting process to achieve appropriate control standards for SOX compliance.• Coordinated the successful divesture of commercial products, monetize select assets and maximize other revenuesSenior Manager, Finance (R&D and Alliance Management)Pfizer Inc - 1988 to 2006Responsible for the financial functions and operational analyses associated with managing a $100 million divisional budget in a global business environment. Communicate financial and operational results to alllevels of management with clear, concise, quantitative and qualitative analysis and supporting explanations. Engage operational leaders across the organization to identify and understand key performance indicators. Manage the financial aspects of Collaborative Agreements (e.g. third party supply agreements, outsourcing and manufacturing activities, etc.).• Spearheaded the implementation of a budget forecasting and tracking model to manage a $1 billion budget across global operations.• Instituted harmonized cost models to integrate multiple budget processes, cost bases and resource utilization reflecting domestic and international operating requirements. This resulted in consistent cost assumptions, global alignment of activity durations and facilitated a simplified approach to budget consolidations. Introduced complexity measures to facilitate a harmonized output.• Initiated 18-month rolling forecast and budget tracking process to increase visibility to trends, assess and communicate impact on key performance indicators and resource utilization.• Saved the company in excess of $15 million by identifying and negotiating corrective actions for 3rd party contracts.• Led metrics team that developed operational metrics for productivity and efficiency; identified business KPIs and diagnostic measurements along with recommendations for corrective actions. 80% of the recommendations adopted and included in the Business Dashboard.• As a credit management leader for both domestic and international business units, I managed and mitigated the accounts receivable risks, control bad debt and maintained DSO below budgeted levels.EDUCATIONM.B.A. in Financeuniversity of new haven - Pasadena, CAB.A. in Financegeorge washington university