John Coldwater, MBA Director of Program Management - RackspaceUniversal City, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/f9aa9c01424f87f3 Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEDirector of Program ManagementRackspace - San Antonio, TX - October 2007 to PresentSuccessfully led a cross functional project to upgrade software on over 25,000 network switches across all data centers. Developed and managed the project to minimize customer impact.• Successfully led a project to hire high level Network Security Engineers/Admins in a remote office. Seven high level Rackers were hired in 70 days, exceeding the target of hiring six in six months.Director of Segment Support• Led five teams of Software Engineers and Admins responsible for Monitoring, Patching, Anti-Virus and Managed Backup (MBU) services.• Reduced MBU ticket age by 77%• Reduced contract support expenses by 82%• Improved Engagement Scores across all teamsDirector of Program Management• Successfully led initiative to integrate support for Enterprise customers with Cloud and Dedicated products • Improved the NPS for approximately 1500 customers with dual footprint environments. NPS increased from 3% to 24% over six months.• Worked cross functionally to develop and deliver Cloud training to 150 RackersDirector, Talent Acquisition• Lead Recruiting team of three Managers and 30 Rackers responsible for all US hiring• Met 2011 hiring goal of 800 new Rackers through the following initiatives:o Hired Managers to be single points of contact for their respective business unitso Implemented a Workforce Planning Process to enable the business to create hiring forecasts and Recruiting to make the right hires at the right time.o Hired a Referral Program Manager to add focus and prioritization to the Racker Referral Programo Improved rackertalent.com to include videos from Rackers talking about what it's like to work at Rackspace and live in San Antonio.Senior Manager, Intensive Support• Successfully managed to Q1 & Q210 hiring goals through hiring events resulting in 22 critical hires.• Directed Support Process Excellence initiatives. Deployed improvements to the Server Build Process and the Maintenance Planning and tracking Process.Team Lead, Intensive Support• Built team of 32 from the ground up to cover the alert generated work stream • Virtually eliminated weekend "Unsatisfactory" tickets.￼• Established strong relationship with Recruiting and created a highly effective technical screening, hiring and onboarding process.• Enabled Intensive to quickly ramp new teams and fill technical gaps using farm team concept.Account Manager, Intensive Custom Team• Responsible for $310k MRR account base.• Partnered with Lead Tech to managed growth, churn and NPS strategies for all accounts.Associate Director, Product DevelopmentAT&T - San Antonio, TX - 2000 to October 2007Developed Process Performance Metrics to measure the effectiveness of the product development process. Managed data collection, validation and reporting.• Developed recommendations (process, training, tools or execution) to improve Cycle Time.Area Manager Network Planning & Engineering• Administered Network Planning & Engineering's (NP&E) $50M Maintenance Expense Budget.• Reduced 2003-07 expenses by 15% through negotiations with key vendors.• Facilitated negotiations between Procurement, NP&E and Vendors to secure best pricing and terms to reduce/ eliminate maintenance contract expenses.• Directed multi-million dollar equipment purchases to meet AT&T's DSL deployment schedule through coordination with Engineering and Long Range Planning.• Directed the DSL equipment forecasting process to generate forecasts/purchases.• Disaster Recovery Co-Chair. Developed Roles and Responsibilities documentation.• Managed four Managers engaged in the support of the NP&E teamManager Installation & Repair• Supervised 19 installation and repair technicians.• Managed safety, quality, attendance, technical training and revenue generation programs. • Interfaced with internal and external customers to resolve service issues.Manager Premise Sales• Provided Customer Premise Equipment (CPE) Sales Support to include:o Developed sales order methods and procedureso Facilitated weekly Sales Manager meetings to identify/remove process roadblocks. o Lead AT&T/Vendor teams to define processes and workflows.EDUCATIONBachelor of Arts in CommunicationsUniversity of Texas at San Antonio - San Antonio, TXExecutive MBAUniversity of Texas at San Antonio - San Antonio, TX