Jonathan L'HommeHighly collaborative Finance leader with demonstrated success building and leading Global Finance teams.Mystic, CT - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jonathan-L'Homme/001adab58ff001f6Finance professional with extensive experience in providing financial leadership in top-tier financial institutions and Fortune 100 companies. Demonstrated capabilities in improving financial results by creating and implementing innovative solutions that drive operational efficiencies. Highly skilled, effective communicator and collaborative strategic partner with proven ability in developing and managing high-performing teams that deliver exceptional results.Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEFinance ConsultantJonathan L'Homme, LLC - Stonington, CT - September 2014 to Present Provide FP&A consulting and services for special projects.Consulting clients include:- For a health services company, developed restructuring plans for the Finance team resulting in faster decision making and ability to close the books and provide reporting on a monthly basis.- For a non-profit, developed a cost allocation model to support government grants reporting.Vice President, Finance - Systems and OperationsTRAVELERS INSURANCE - Hartford, CT - October 2011 to August 2014Provided financial leadership to a $600 million organization, managing all functions within the Finance operation including A/P, general accounting, asset management, and decision support. Change agent who developed the strategic vision for the Finance organization and built a new Finance operating model.- Cut staffing costs by 60% while increasing Finance department capabilities.- Reengineered reporting strategy; improved close cycle by 25%, and cut 80% off reporting time while increasing reporting relevance.- Redesigned and streamlined business processes, reducing budget expense by 5%; reduced procure-to-pay time, eliminated lease penalties and other costs.- Developed Corporate IT’s first multi-year forecast; model enabled strategic capital reallocation with positive business impact in the millions.- Introduced “business case” approach to projects, including risk and ROI estimates; new approach was credited with increasing decision-making speed and effectiveness.- Built A/P team from ground-up, developing thorough and actionable analytics and metrics. - Managed the preparation of all Corporate, Statutory, and Tax & Accounting submissions. - Championed IT Asset Management system that improved ROA.Senior Finance Lead / Business Partner, FP&A - Corporate IT and Global Real EstatePFIZER, INC - 2004 to 2011Provided financial leadership, business direction and strategic decision support for the Corporate Information Technology (IT) and Global Facilities Divisions - $600 million +.FP&A achievements included:￼- Managed a global finance team of up to 24 colleagues and contractors.- Created and implemented a Shared Service solution for all Corporate IT Finance functions, lowering overall staffing costs by at least 30%.- Met or exceeded global budget targets every year.- Developed highly accurate budget forecasts, within 1% of actual.- Enhanced financial reporting, developing consolidated global reports.- Partnered with senior leaders across business units to identify risks and opportunities.- Ensured effective internal controls in compliance with company policies, US GAAP, and all applicable laws and SOX regulations. Audits produced zero findings.Financial Portfolio Project Management achievements included:- Developed business cases for financial portfolio projects over $1 million.- Managed projects with investments as high as $80 million.- Partnered with operational and business leads to ensure strategic alignment.- Provided guidance and oversight on accounting policies and investment opportunities.M&A achievements included:- Led Finance integration of two major acquisitions (Pharmacia and Wyeth) and one major divestiture (Consumer Healthcare) into Corporate IT and Global Facilities- Identified synergies that led to major cost reductions, totaling more than the actual acquisition value (in partnership with senior leaders).- Ensured proper accounting treatment of all integration and restructuring related entries.Continuous improvement initiatives included:- Implemented several cost reduction projects and automated financial reporting while maintaining compliance with the firm’s policies and procedures.- Developed a rolling forecast model used to forecast over $2 billion in annual capital and expense. Halted 100% of budget overruns in the first year.- Reduced time to close by at least 20%. Eliminated audit issues.Finance Site HeadPFIZER, INC - New London, CT - 2001 to 2004Managed the consolidation and reporting of financial results for the Groton/New London Corporate IT groups. Defined and executed the strategy for three groups – Financial Planning and Analysis, Asset Management, and Vendor Management; 25 staff in total.- Implemented an asset tracking system which improved asset lifecycle management.- Reduced operating expenses by at least 5%.Director, Business DevelopmentMANAGESOFT, INC - Nashua, NH - 2000 to 2001Reported directly to the CEO. Developed and implemented strategic partner program for startup business-to- business software and services vendor. Led a cross-departmental team to identify M&A and partner targets. Provided comprehensive financial analysis on proposed mergers and acquisitions.Manager, Finance and Business DevelopmentSCANSOFT, INC - Peabody, MA - 1997 to 2000Responsible for global financial reporting and analysis, including monthly sales, COGS, and allowance account analyses. Led discussions with target company CFOs. Developed new product pro formas, highlighting NPV, ROI, and PBT of various scenarios.- Drove 30% Gross Margin improvements through management of COGS and vendor costs. - Identified and analyzed M&A targets, resulting in two major acquisitions.Interim CFO, Finance ConsultantJonathan L'Homme, LLC - Atlanta, GA - 1996 to 1997Consulting clients included:- Startup airline: established revenue model, budget, and aircraft load factor projections. Led presentations to private equity firms; successfully secured seed capital.- Established printing company: designed financial model used to forecast sales.Financial Analyst /ControllerDAVIS-STANDARD, INC - Pawcatuck, CT - 1995 to 1996Controller for a $40 Million manufacturing subsidiary in France. Performed monthly sales, expense, cash flow, and capital analyses. Conducted due diligence on two international acquisitions. Streamlined accounting and sales processes, and eliminated inefficiencies in the payments cycle.Contracts AnalystGENERAL DYNAMICS, ELECTRIC BOAT DIVISION - Groton, CT - 1989 to 1994Identified, submitted, negotiated, and adjudicated contract changes. Pioneered computer programs which improved the contracts process, resulting in a tripling of revenue for this division.EDUCATIONGraduate Certificate in Accounting, GPA 4.0The University Of New Haven - West Haven, CTM.B.A., GPA 3.7The University Of New Haven - West Haven, CTB.A. in EconomicsThe University Of Connecticut - Storrs, CTSKILLSSAP, PeopleSoft, Computron, Hyperion, Cognos, Pillar, Essbase, Business Objects, SharePoint, Microsoft OfficeADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCORE COMPETENCIES◆ Strategic Planning & Execution ◆ Global Governance & Operating Models ◆ M&A Integrations ◆ Strategic Outsourcing◆ Financial Analysis & Reporting ◆ Organizational Design◆ Business Process Optimization ◆ Complex Program Management◆ Cost Accounting & Chargeback