Jose NoblesFinance Adviser - Noble Mark Enterprises- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jose-Nobles/56772614853582fb Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEFinance AdviserNoble Mark Enterprises - December 2013 to PresentNoble Mission. 2G, Inc.National City 91950• (family owned business) serves as a supply contractor to the Department of Defense in the Food Management division service and supply.• Assist in the office management system focusing on the Finance Planning.• Assist in developing a structured office environment.Assistant ProfessorBusiness Administration - June 2009 to March 2013 Lyceum of Subic Bay - PhilippinesAssistant ProfessorBusiness Administration - November 2007 to May 2009 AMA Computer College - Olongapo City, PhilippinesInstructor III, Business AdministrationAMA Computer College - June 2002 to December 2002Philippines• Encourage and work with other faculty members on joint research activities and contribute to relevant research for student advancement.• Carry out independent research that will aide classroom interaction management.• Engage in teaching at all levels using relevant teaching methods such as lectures, seminars, tutorials as part of the faculty team.• Maintain a broad knowledge of up to date research to ensure that it meets the expected standards of the school.• Accountable to academic duties such as to administer class, check written and oral examinations, grade encoding and pastoral support for student.Administrative ExperienceAdministrative HeadHuman Resource - February 2000 to February 2002Citadel Commercial, Inc. - Intramuros Manila, Philippines• Demonstrate leadership and decisiveness in accord with the Company's objective.• Develop and recommend program for employee's performance progress (training and development).• Develop and recommend a benefit programs to provide equitable employee benefits in accord with the Labor and employment laws.￼• Develop budgetary recommendations for cash and capital expenditure for the year onwards as necessary• Supervises the existing company's rules and regulation and policies and procedures to meet changes in the provision of law.Administrative OfficerTrucking and Construction Services - January 1996 to April 1998Philippines• In charge of over-all assistance, overseeing and conducting materials readiness, supply management, maintenance, security, safety, personnel management and public relations programImport Management AssistantAirfreight 2100, Inc - May 1994 to December 1994Handles customer care and management through effective handling of inquiries, logistics support and after sales management.Business Management Experience - 4 YearsEDUCATIONMBA in Strategical ManagementAteneo Graduate School of Business July 2003ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONU.S. Equivalency Report from International Education Research Foundation, Inc. (August 2014) California Department of Insurance License: 0K16391