Joshua Johnson Entrepreneur Spirit, MBA CandidateMedford, OR - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joshua-Johnson/0a8026007bea8424Dedicated and focused individual, who excels at prioritizing, completing multipletasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. Seeking a role with the opportunity of increased responsibility and authority in a professional environment.WORK EXPERIENCEMBA StudentSouthern Oregon University - Ashland, OR - September 2013 to PresentSept 2013 - In progressMBA Candidate Degree Expected - June 2015• Developed research protocol that was reviewed by SOU's Institutional Review Board and certified as in compliance with federal standards for the ethical conduct of research.• Presented research study Assessing Childcare Needs in Southern Oregon at the Southern Oregon Arts & Research (SOAR) professional conference held annually at Southern Oregon University. Approximately 800 presenters and 2,000 attendees.Claims Adjuster TraineeEagle Adjusting Services, Llc - Noblesville, IN - February 2015 to April 2015 ResponsibilitiesI spent six weeks of intensive training on insurance concepts, principles, and regulation. In order to prepare for Oregon General Lines Adjuster Examination.• Contacted insureds to set appointment times for inspections of property damage.• Created daily & weekly schedule based on scheduled appointments and office time to finish paperwork.• Inspected damaged property and determined claims related damage, during catastrophe situation, in Boston MA.• Estimated the cost of repairs or replacement of damaged property.• Processed claims and reported any possible fraud to client adjuster.AccomplishmentsWhile I was in Boston, adjusting claims as part of my training, I was able to bill out ~$12,000 for the company, in only 3 weeks time.Learned Xactimate estimating program on the job and submitted claims through the company portal via this software with little kickback for corrections.Skills UsedI used my skills of communication to allow the insured, I was adjusting for to feel comfortable and secure with me, as they took me through their homes and showed me the damages from winter storms. My experience was different from many of the other adjusters that I worked with at this assignment, in that I had no stories to tell regarding conflict with the insureds about my estimates, which I believe is because of my advanced skills￼of communication. I was also able to utilize my ability to learn quickly in order to adapt to the chaotic work environment that I was in, during the three weeks in Boston.Executive Assistant/InternBritt Festivals - Medford, OR - March 2014 to May 2014Wrote & submitted $30,000 grant request• Oversight of 'paver project' which includes working with donors, engraver, and construction crews to make sure that all text is correct and placement is consistent with donor expectations.• Obtained and coordinated donation of signage for Performance Garden, honoring grantors and other donors, to be displayed in kiosk at Britt Festivals venue.• Assisted with Performance Garden Ribbon Cutting Ceremony.• Researching various needs for the Performance Garden and providing purchaserecommendations.Customer Service SpecialistThe Job Council - Grants Pass, OR - January 2013 to March 2013Welcomed customers in friendly and timely manner & directed customers to appropriate services. • Used PC to navigate through several networks & software programs.• Data Entry• Scheduling• Operated office equipment such as Copy Machine & Fax • Answered and operated multi-line phonesVolunteer Coordinator/InternJackson County Fuel Committee - Ashland, OR - October 2010 to May 2011Community Outreach• Held tables in effort to connect with community and raise awareness of JCFC mission and connect with volunteers.• Coordinated volunteers in order put together weekly woodcut events.• Directed volunteers during woodcut by their skills and abilities in order to assure as much work was done in a three hour time period as possible.• Raised funds for JCFC by canvasing local businesses for support.• Contacted past donors and updated them on current events and encouraged their support.EDUCATIONB.S. in PsychologySouthern Oregon University - Ashland, OR 2011A.A. in General StudiesCollege of the Siskiyous 2009MBASouthern Oregon University - Ashland, ORSKILLSDetail Oriented • Professional & Mature • Communication • Resourceful • Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook) • Multi-task Management • Research • Excellent Writing Skills • Coordination • Telephone Skills • Customer ServiceAWARDSHonors AwardMay 2007Honored for Academic Achievement while taking coursework at College of the SiskiyousHonors AwardMay 2008Honored for Academic Achievement while taking coursework at College of the SiskiyousCERTIFICATIONSMediation & Conflict ManagementJanuary 2011 to PresentCompleted 40 intensive course regarding mediation and conflict management.GROUPSPhi Theta KappaMay 2008 to PresentInternational Honor Society for 2 year colleges.Psi ChiMay 2010 to PresentInternational Honor Society for Psychology Majors.