Kecia Palmer-Cousins, MBA COO/Managing Member - G&K SWEET FOODS, LLCPeekskill, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/651d953e1d13c933• Energetic, collaborative, MBA-educated, ITIL v3 Certified Senior Project Manager with over 25 years customer service, IT project management and marketing experience managing virtual cross-functional teams poised to transition into a pubic speaking or managerial position at a non-profit, educational or small business organization.KEY COMPETENCIES GAINED THROUGH EXPERIENCE AND MBA PROGRAM Coaching; Follow-Up; Project Management; Strategic Planning;Decision Making; Networking; Public Speaking; Written Communications.WORK EXPERIENCECOO/Managing MemberG&K SWEET FOODS, LLC - Peekskill, NY - 2007 to PresentFounding partner of G&K Sweet Foods, LLC, a baking company specializing in the commercial manufacturing of fully baked, thaw & serve sweet potato pies and koshercookies for events, foodservices, direct to consumer, retail and internet markets. Shareequal power to direct and administer all corporate operations and affairs.Customer relations, marketing, networking and overall operation management including production, finance, accounts payable, cash management, insurance and contract negotiations. Earned DBE/MWBE/SBE Certifications.Foundation ChairJACK & JILL of AMERICA, INC - 2012 to 2014Served as the 2012-2014 Chapter Foundation Chair of the Jack and Jill of America, Inc.Mid-Hudson Valley Chapter responsible for fundraisers which resulted in $13,000 in charitable contributions to the Peekskill Youth Bureau for materials, supplies andtransportation costs for the Leadership Initiative For Teens Program (LIFT). Wrote and received a Jacqueline Robinson Grant for $3,000 for a Math, Science and CookingProject for supplies for 75 youth for the Peekskill 2013 Summer L.I.F.T. Program.Sr. Project Manager/Manager, Global Client ServicesVERIZONBUSINESS - 2001 to 2013Project managed & led matrix-managed group of 15-30 virtual business and technology groups responsible for the implementation of several mission-critical projects for Fortune 100companies from concept through implementation, including scheduling, resource allocation,planning, monitoring and providing status reports between departments to ensure the customer's requirements are met. Received quarterly VP recognition for outstanding projectmanagement & customer service of projects implemented.Responsibilities held during this timeframe included the following highlighted accomplishments:• In 2010, successfully project managed 3 projects with combined contract revenues of $9M for customer's SONET networks, hi-speed and low speed voice & data ckts.￼• Co-project managed a $4M project creating additional revenue to Verizon whichconsisted of the conversion of a major local government agency's telecommunicationinfrastructure and supporting applications across all 5 boroughs of NY critical for the monitoring of the 2004 Republican National Convention & National Security.• Project managed a premier customer's telecommunications infrastructure project from NY to NH, with a contract value of $16M (5 years) utilizing Lucent MetroEON DWDM equipment, involving both local and LD circuits, which supported customer's national platform of channel services.• 100% on-time project completion on all projects implemented. Prepared project updates to senior management. Managed 8 project managers responsible for the implementation of over 100 telecommunication projects for national premier Verizoncustomer base that generated new revenues of over $200K up to $4M per projectannually to Verizon.Senior Systems Analyst/Project ManagerBELL ATLANTIC/NYNEX - 1994 to 2001Provided post sales support by planning, organizing and managing the implementation of projects for Sales teams ensuring successful, on-time delivery of customer contractedtelecommunications products & services for customers with billed new revenues of up to $1Mper year per account to Bell Atlantic. Received President's Club Award & Trip for outstandingsales support (over $2M in annual revenues) for a major Wall Street Financial Firm.Repair & Installation Foreman/Dispatch Foreman/AnalystNEW YORK TELEPHONE - New York, NY - 1989 to 1994Managed 16 Service Technicians, whose territory covered Midtown Manhattan, responsible for installing and maintaining telephone wires associated with basic residence and business keysystems, PBX trunks requiring point to point transmission tests and customer equipment.Managed call center (16 Maintenance Center Representatives and Testers) who troubleshootedrepair calls for 850 Large Business customers. Coordinated training on telecommunication products & services for 50 craft personnel. "Top Boss of the Year" in NYNEX Impact Magazine.EDUCATIONBS in Manufacturing EngineeringBoston University - Boston, MAMBA in MarketingLong Island University - Dobbs Ferry, NYMaster's in Project ManagementGeorge Washington UniversityCertificate of Achievement in Essentials of Project ManagementVillanova UniversityWomen's Enterprise Development CenterSKILLSProject Management, Networking, Motivational & Public Speaking, Strategic Planning, Decision Making, Written Commnications, Follow-Up,ADDITIONAL INFORMATION• Experienced single point of contact skilled in project management best practices.• Goal driven team leader responsible for service delivery to completion of data center infrastructure projects.• Skilled in building, managing and motivating high-performance teams in a matrix environment.• Proficient negotiator with sales support and marketing background.• Expert networker and relationship manager.• Work-life balance motivational speaker and grant writer.• Strategic planner, coach, organizer and coordinator of cross-functional teams of departments, vendors and customers to achieve mutual goals and objectives.• Exceptional interpersonal communicator with strong written and oral skills.• Effectively interacted with clients and all levels of management which resulted in positive and productive long term high customer satisfaction.TECHNICAL SKILLS & PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONSTechnical Skills: Microsoft Office Suites/Microsoft Project & ITIL®v3 CertifiedThe Project Management Institute (PMI)The Metro Chapter of the National Black MBA AssociationThe Business Council of WestchesterThe Hudson Valley Gateway Chamber of CommerceThe African-American Chamber of Commerce of Westchester & Rockland Counties, Inc. Girls, Inc. of Westchester Power of the Purse Advisory Board MemberMary J. Blige Center for Women in Yonkers Advisory Board Member & Career Trainer Harlem Book Fair Executive Advisory Board Member2011 "10 Most Influential Blacks Honoree" (AACWR)2012 City of Peekskill Juneteenth Advisory Board Member2012 City of Peekskill Black History Month Honoree2014 City of Peekskill Youth Board Advisory Board Member2014 914INC. Magazine Women in Business Honoree2014 Westchester County Building Businesses Pilot Program Graduate