Keith CampbellHealthcare Finance Consultant - CAMPBELL CPA CONSULTING, PLLC- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Keith-Campbell/9f9f5f6fb6822a80 Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEHealthcare Finance ConsultantCAMPBELL CPA CONSULTING, PLLC - Rochester, NY - December 2009 to PresentSelf-employed as founding member of Professional NYS CPA firm specializing in healthcare finance consulting and interim staffing needs.Director Physician Services AccountingUNITY HEALTH SYSTEM - Rochester, NY - March 1998 to December 2009Championed and developed system initiatives, with overall accounting, reimbursement, budgeting and decision support responsibility for a 35+ site, multi-specialty physician group with 140 providers, a residency program with 45 full time residents, 8 hospitalists, 25 house mid-levels, and the hospital acute care employed physician departments (approximately $80m of the $500m health system budget):• Developed and implemented automated monthly financial statements, and customized reporting for all health system departments• As project champion and leader, purchased and implemented IBM Cognos budget and planning model for physician practices• Data mined, suggested, developed, and presented multiple reimbursement and coding initiatives resulting in annual enhanced reimbursement, including securing buy-in from physicians.UNITY HEALTH SYSTEM . .• Purchased enterprise wide licensed key stroke automation software program and worked with decision support and information systems departments to automate repetitive finance department tasks• Championed quality reporting to 600+ attending physicians as a sitting member of the Hospital Care Management Committee (Pathways to Care)• Created and maintained reimbursement databases & reporting for accounts receivable, enabling automated contractual, courtesy, charity, and bad debt monthly estimates, queries, reporting, and management• Regularly analyzed payer rate change impacts for outpatient fee schedules and presented possible scenarios, probability, and response initiatives.• Key leadership role in physician practice initiatives and ROI analyses• Assisted in cost report preparation and analyses.. .. . .. .. .. .. ............... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Supervising SeniorKPMG - Rochester, NY - September 1996 to March 1998Responsible to supervise field work and draft management letters for large educational institutions, hospitals, governmental units, other not-for-profits, and taxable corporations. .. . .. .. .. .. ............... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Controller / CFO￼NEIGHBORHOOD HOUSING SERVICES OF ROCHESTER, INC - Rochester, NY - 1985 to September 1996Overall financial and information technology responsibility of entity; Grew from a staff of 4 to a staff of 12 . .. . .. .. .. .. ............... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .EDUCATIONMBAUniversity of Rochester - Rochester, NY 1996Bachelor of Science in Business Administration/AccountingBucknell University - Lewisburg, PA 1983ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONHealthcare Financial Management Association CHFP & FHFMA