Kevin White Director, FinanceLancaster, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kevin-White/6b85d0fb2f26e14cMore than 17 years of progressive finance, analysis and management experience. Proven ability to direct divisions, departments, teams, and projects in finance, sales, operations and human resources. Successfully supported the implementation of a new accounting package (SAP: Statistical Accounting and Procedures). Highly skilled in contract negotiations, financial analysis and the sale and retention process. Excellent motivator with the ability to recruit, develop, lead and mentor successful teams. Outstanding presentation and communication skills.Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEDirector, FinanceSodexho Inc - New York, NY - April 2004 to Present• Leadership and partnership with a Senior Vice President of Operations and his team of nine District Managers. Responsible for all aspects of budget, forecast, investment analysis, capital approval, contract review, a/r collections, financial training, financial close and Sarbanes - Oxley compliance audits for metro New York, New Jersey and the Philadelphia markets. This area is responsible for 145 clients, and more than $135M in sales and $9.5M of field contribution.• Manage the capital analysis, review and approval process for the area. Annually approving more than 30 deals with capital expenditures greater than $2.8M. Success requires extensive coordination between Clients, Operations, Sales and Finance functions to collect key facts and figures, review and prepare for submission and presentation to senior finance for corporate approval.• Sole Health Care Division representative for a company initiative regarding Purchasing Card programs. This group will review, select and implement a solution for North America.• Requested to be part of the US based team to represent Sodexho North America in Paris for an International conference and project team to prepare a company position on revenue recognition for IFRS.• Served as lead company financial contact for two bankruptcies affecting Sodexho North America. From pre- petition work outs to post petition claim sale.Director, Group Internal AuditSodexho Inc - New York, NY - October 2003 to March 2004• One of five U.S. team members recruited to join the company's first global Internal Audit Team.• Audit responsibilities included the development of risk based audit approach. Personally responsible for the creation of the Sodexho Business Process Model. This model, covering all the business functions of the Sodexho Alliance, was created to support the development of audit themes and a framework for risk assessments.• Received training on and exposure to International Team Building, Sarbanes-Oxley compliance, Enterprise Risk Management, Control Self Assessments, Value Added -Auditing, audit tools and techniques and International GAAP.Director, Operations AccountingSodexho Inc - New York, NY - March 2001 to September 2003￼• Accounting Director for the Health Care and Laundry divisions of Sodexho North America. These divisions account for in excess of $140 million in net profit, more than 34% of the North American total. Sales and Revenues in excess of $2.1 billion.• Managed a team of 22 accounting professionals to support and partner with over 2000 direct operating field units and 1500 indirect units within these divisions.• Business owner for all divisional development input regarding accounting controls, process improvements, system functionality and reporting during a 24 month conversion to a SAP accounting solution.• Reduced excessive staff turnover and customer service issues between a dedicated accounting processing center and the Health Care Division. Successfully reduced turnover 50% (inclusive of six promotions). Customer satisfaction increased from "6" to "8" as documented by an independent consultant review.Sr. Manager Finance - Business AnalystSodexho Inc - New York, NY - May 1999 to March 2001• Served as division finance representative to two Vice President's of Sales and their seven regional sales and retention directors. Responsible for developing financial pro formas, establishing and documenting financial assumptions and balancing profit maximization and achievability in solutions proposed. Surveyed over 125 new business opportunities and 50 client re-bid situations. Made financial presentations to potential clients, financial principals, client boards, and selection committees.• Responsible for coordinating multiple concurrent survey processes by meeting deadlines and managing both up and down the sales support structure. Involved in all facets of the sales process, including client relations management, site survey, sales presentation, driving sale closure and service start - up processes.• Developed and fostered a partnership with senior division Operation, Finance and Sales principals to uphold divisional practices and requirements within the sales process. Coordinated efforts around contract language and proposal drafting with the support of Corporate Legal.• Directly responsible for taking a seven-hospital healthcare add-on sale of Food Service from pro forma and RFP response through implementation and opening with a team of 30 site and support managers. Served for four months as interim system Controller to assure successful transition.System Coordinator/General ManagerSodexho Inc - New York, NY - May 1997 to April 1999• Directed all aspects of the financial management of a $23 million plus contract task. Including forecasting, budgeting (capital and operating), consolidated reporting, accounts receivable and payable functions. Additionally responsible for the operational support of all housekeeping services at eight acute care hospitals (over 4.5 million square feet) including human resources, regulatory compliance, loss control, the service quality program and oversight of the development and training plan (500 plus unionized hourly and 50 plus management personnel).• Supported and consulted on the operations of the Patient Transportation services department and the implementation and operation of a large Service Response Center (SRC).• Managed, directed and negotiated all outside contracts providing ancillary services. Managed compliance and relations with vendors. Emphasized the inclusion of company national agreements.Coordinating Manager/Managing Director/Resident District ManagerThe Service Master Company - 1990 to 1997• Directed the management team responsible for the operation of a 430-bed hospital, three long-term care facilities with over 340-beds, a 4.9 million pound per year laundry/linen operation and a 36-site remote clinic operation. Responsibilities included the management of the Housekeeping, Clinical Engineering, and Laundry Departments. Task required leadership of a seven-manager team with responsibility for over 140 non-union FTE's, 85 non-union FTE's and all applicable support staff. This unique, long-term partnership agreementinspired many add-on sale opportunities including linen distribution, grounds care, and waste management initiatives.• Responsible for indoctrination and initial field training for new ServiceMaster management/sales personnel. Supplied initial field operations training to over 20 new hires in the organization.• Involved with the vertical sale of and operational responsibility for three extended care facilities with over 500 beds for 18 months while maintaining all clinic responsibilities.EDUCATIONMBAClark University - Worcester, MABAOberlin College - Oberlin, OH