Kimberly WallFinance leader with MBA/CFA designationWestminster, CO - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kimberly-Wall/d3761deb1856c1cc• Finance leader with MBA/CFA designation and progressive work experience resulting in history of promotions.• Varied work experience showcases proficiency to adapt to new systems and expanding roles/responsibilities. • Detail oriented professional with strong analytical, communication and relationship management skills.• Proven track record of meeting deadlines for financial close process, regulatory reporting and assigned projects.• Seeking senior financial analyst or similar role in Denver area following relocation in April 2015.WORK EXPERIENCEDecision Support Team Leader - BMO Harris Wealth Management FinanceBMO HARRIS BANK N.A - 2013 to 2015• Oversee analyst team supporting Lead Financial Officers for Personal Wealth & Asset Management businesses.• Provide timely and accurate analyses of financial results to support month-end/quarter-end close processes. • Develop and utilize financial models to support strategic decision making and offer meaningful insights.• Develop monthly run-rate forecasts at a business group level to support financial performance monitoring. • Support internal (corporate and SOX) and external audit processes and regulatory reporting requirements.Senior Manager - BMO Harris Financial AdvisorsBMO HARRIS BANK N.A - 2011 to 2013• Interpret and communicate financial results for business unit, highlighting trends and underlying causes.• Responsible for general ledger maintenance, cash management and legal entity and management reporting. • Accountable for regulatory reporting to include preparation of OSC filings and FINRA FOCUS/SSOI reports. • Assist CFO with coordination of audits, account reconciliations, accounting attestations and tax filings.• Liaise with other BMO finance teams and LOB managers to fulfill reporting requirements and ad hoc requests. • Ensure accuracy and integrity of business unit's financial statements and books and records are in accordance with GAAP, BMO accounting policy and broker-dealer regulations.Operations and Financial Manager - FirstMerit Financial ServicesFIRSTMERIT BANK - purchased Midwest Bank in FDIC loss-share transaction in 2010 - 2010 to 2011President, FINOPMIDWEST BANC HOLDINGS INC - 2008 to 2010Vice President - OperationsMIDWEST BANC HOLDINGS INC - 2007 to 2008• Primary interface with Ohio home office brokerage team following bank parent buy-out.• Regional manager coordinating brokerage account transfer from Raymond James to National Financial platform.• Supervised brokerage operations to optimize growth, profitability and quality of client service.• Responsible for financial reporting, commission processing, and production tracking for brokerage unit.• Collaborated with bank department heads; contributed to budgeting and forecasting processes.• Financial and Operations Principal (FINOP) for broker-dealer; filed quarterly FINRA FOCUS reports.￼• Prepared and presented financial and operational reports for broker-dealer's quarterly board meetings. • Served as member of Midwest Bank Trust Department's Investment and Administrative Committee.Senior Vice PresidentWOLF FINANCIAL GROUP HOLDINGS LLC - 2006 to 2007• Oversaw general operations of Introducing Broker/Dealer; interfaced with 45 independent financial advisors. • Worked with Compliance Officer to ensure compliance with SEC, FINRA and state laws & regulations.• Reviewed and analyzed firm's monthly financial statements; filed quarterly NASD FOCUS reports.• Primary responsibility for Web CRD updates and regulatory filings.• Principal/supervisory duties for financial advisors; signed off on daily trade blotters and cash flow reports.Senior Vice PresidentWOLF FINANCIAL GROUP HOLDINGS LLC - 2005 to 2006Vice PresidentWOLF FINANCIAL GROUP HOLDINGS LLC - 2004 to 2005Assistant Vice PresidentWOLF FINANCIAL GROUP HOLDINGS LLC - 2003 to 2004Investment Services OfficerWOLF FINANCIAL GROUP HOLDINGS LLC - 2001 to 2003• Investment Advisor for retail clients using self-managed and third party asset manager programs.• Determined asset allocation strategies and created proposals consistent with investment plan objectives.• Researched separate account manager options; monitored and evaluated asset manager performance.• Chaired bi-weekly Investment Committee meetings; disseminated research and investment ideas to advisors.Portfolio Research Associate - Eagle Asset Management Small Cap Growth Portfolio TeamRAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC - 1999 to 2000• Assisted small cap portfolio management team with performance analysis and portfolio sector weightings. • Analyzed data from ad hoc research projects and calculated various statistical portfolio measurements.• Wrote monthly and quarterly performance letters to trustees and retail/institutional clients.• Prepared portfolio data and graphs for inclusion in marketing presentations.Equity Research Associate - Institutional Equity Research DepartmentRAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC - 1994 to 1999• Performed extensive financial statement analysis and modeling on environmental and industrial service firms. • Performed due diligence to include company visits, manager interviews, analyst meetings & other research. • Analyzed peer/market valuations, monitored industry trends, created graphs and tables to support reports. • Wrote industry and company investment research reports.Data AnalystHCA LARGO MEDICAL CENTER HOSPITAL - 1992 to 1993• Compiled and analyzed data for employee health, risk management, workers' compensation, quality assurance, utilization review and infection control departments.• Prepared and distributed reports to relevant department heads and staff.EDUCATIONMaster of Business Administration in Finance and AccountingUNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS AT CHICAGO - Chicago, IL 2006Bachelor of Science in Biomedical EngineeringNORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY - Evanston, IL 1988SKILLS• Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Word, Powerpoint, Outlook; familiar with Access (tables/queries) and Quickbooks.• Experience with Oracle Essbase, Reuters, Bloomberg, Market-Q, Factset, Advent and Jack Henry.• Experience with Pershing, Raymond James and National Financial brokerage platforms.ADDITIONAL INFORMATION• Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation earned in 2002. Active member of local CFA chapter.• FINRA Series 7/63 licensed and hold principal licenses: 27 (FinOp), 24 (General Securities) and 53 (Municipal).• Hobbies include traveling, hiking, bicycling, music, reading and yoga. Volunteer at food pantry on weekends.