Latasha PrimusHealth Care Administration and MBA Student - University of Maryland University CollegeDayton, OH - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Latasha-Primus/f5a8f31ca332b021 Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEHealth Care Administration and MBA StudentUniversity of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD - February 2011 to PresentDevelop current knowledge in public health and long-term care administration, healthcare institution organization and management, research methods of the healthcare manager, U.S. healthcare system, legal aspects of healthcare administration, and information technology for healthcare administration. Study multiple business topics including effective financial and operational decision making as well as marketing and strategy management in the global marketplace.Medical Laboratory TechnicianUnited States Air Force - Fairfield, CA - October 2005 to November 2012Leveraged 9+ year Air Force tenure to serve in most recent role supporting 1.5 million laboratory services and conducting thousands of microbiology and immunology tests for the Air Force's largest medical facility serving over 107,000 Department of Defense (DoD) beneficiaries. Performed routine and emergency qualitative and quantitative diagnostic test procedures including chemistry, hematology, microbiology, urinalysis, and coagulation. Identified disease-causing organisms and analyzed antibiotic effectiveness using 200 automated and manual laboratory methods. Led and supervised team of technicians. Trained and instructed 19 Lab Phase II technical school students. Oversaw 10 Quality Assurance (QA) programs and enforced strict national regulatory compliance. Maintained 21 lab analyzers worth $4 million. Conducted QA and maintenance on instruments valued at $110,000. Certified equipment accuracy, reliability, and performance. Communicated extensively with over 400 physicians and medical personnel. Delivered informational presentations on laboratory and microbiology operations and procedures to hospital staff members, managers, and executives. * Sustained fully available services for 5,000 inpatients and 308,000 outpatients despite 40% reduction in staffing levels.* Decreased downtime by 20% by correcting malfunctions in equipment valued at $2 million.* Strengthened emergency response by leading Basic Life Support (BLS) class and training 56 personnel in lifesaving process.* Heightened disease awareness by leading presentation to showcase advancements in bacterial testing at national conference.* Scored 100% on Quality Control (QC) and proficiency surveys in accordance with College of American Pathologists (CAP) standards.* Managed $149K supply budget and inventory, validated 125-item stock levels, and ensured adherence to department requirements with no interruptions.* Contributed strongly to earning of 2nd quarter Excellence in Patient Safety Award.Medical Laboratory JourneymanUnited States Air Force - Fairfield, CA - October 2004 to October 2005Provided comprehensive laboratory services to 88,000 beneficiaries and conducted routine and emergency qualitative and quantitative diagnostic test procedures including chemistry, hematology, and microbiology.￼Performed complex procedures for patient blood typing, antibody detection, identification, and cross-matches. Operated, calibrated, and troubleshot 13 sophisticated chemistry, hematology, and coagulation analyzers. Monitored QC data to ensure validity, accuracy, and precision of test procedures.* Consistently delivered timely and accurate results for 30,000 tests per year.* Successfully reported 93% of STAT tests in less than one hour.* Guaranteed 24/7 lab service and reduced service calls by 50% by expertly maintaining 13 analyzers valued at $878,000.* Saved $37,000 by facilitating evaluation of four phlebotomy safety devices.Medical Laboratory ApprenticeUnited States Air Force - Fairfield, CA - April 2003 to October 2004Collected and processed specimens for distribution and analysis from geriatric, adolescent, and neonatal patients. Performed inpatient phlebotomies and trained apprentice Phase II students on proper phlebotomy and collection procedures. Instructed healthcare providers on specimen collection procedures for specialized tests. Monitored urinalysis QC data to ensure test procedure validity, accuracy, and precision. Conducted urinalysis testing on outpatient and inpatient specimens.* Commended for playing key role in over 1,200 patient sample collections per week.* Maximized health and safety by spearheading infection control process for Phase II laboratory. * Lowered redraws by 50% through supervision of students and verification of proper procedures.EDUCATIONMBAUniversity of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD May 2015Master of Science in Health Care AdministrationUniversity of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD May 2014Bachelor of Arts in Health Care AdministrationAshford University - Clinton, IA April 2010ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONHighly organized and educated in Healthcare Administration and Medical Practice Management with outstanding leadership, decision-making, and problem-solving skills.► Administration: Knowledgeable in coordinating administrative, clinical, and service activities for healthcare programs and delivery systems. Skilled at implementing policies, managing budgets, overseeing Quality Assurance (QA) programs, and ensuring national regulatory compliance.► Management: Extensive background directing day-to-day medical laboratory operations. Effective at supporting human resource (HR) management. Over five years of experience supervising team members, monitoring professional development, writing schedules, and evaluating performance.► Communication: Adept at coordinating healthcare services with hundreds of physicians and medical personnel. Successful in conducting informational presentations on laboratory and microbiology operations and procedures to hospital staff members, managers, and executives.► Achievements & Key Strengths: Track record of maximizing health and safety through infection control process. Proven ability to sustain fully available services for hundreds of thousands of patients despite major staffing reductions. Passion for quality improvement and patient satisfaction.Technical ProficienciesMicrosoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook), Composite Health Care System Network, Defense Blood Standard System