Liru WuFinance Manager - Hibu IncSeattle, WA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Liru-Wu/ce566c324412e6faWORK EXPERIENCEFinance ManagerHibu Inc, Digital Business Unit - Bellevue, WA - 2012 to Present• Manage the Digital P&Ls. Analyze actuals, trends and variances of Websites, Search, Display and other products; identify underlying causes, opportunities, and risks in revenue and profitability. Provide actionable insights to senior management around pricing, investment and financial performance.• Partner with finance management as well as key business partners, including operations, products, engineers, sales and marketing organizations, to develop complex forecast, short-term and long-term plan models. Summarize recommendations for future requirement.• Influence business decisions that drive revenue and expenses. Build complex financial models for investment and new business concepts, perform scenario and sensitivity analysis to enhance decision making across a range of options. Evaluate financial impacts and strategic alternatives. Provide recommendations to management.• Support the leadership’s needs for reporting, presentations, analysis and financial review documents. Capture key metrics and business drivers, and provide insights for the operational drivers and financial performance. • Establish and manage Key Performance Indicators and track performance against these measures. Provide timely, accurate, and insightful reporting on customer performance, and communicate results to leadership.Business Analyst Manager / Financial Analyst, Sales & MarketingMicrosoft Corporation - Seattle, WA - 2007 to 2012• Partner with the Sales and Marketing organizations to drive revenue and profitability goals; identify issues, risks and improvement opportunities; provide intensive analysis and business insight to support strategic business operations.• Manage close, forecasting and planning processes; facilitate business partners in development of forward looking trends. Build financial models to forecast, improved forecast accuracy from 9% to 3% in 12 months.• Manage full P&L and conduct financial analysis including revenue trends, variance, and margin; manage KPI and track performance against these measures.• Drive organizational Monthly/Quarterly Business Review with stakeholders. Prepare and deliver analysis reports and presentations to senior leadership, including forecast & budget versus actual performance. Communicate financial results to business leaders.• Manage Opex and HC. Provide financial support and leadership to business, create insightful reporting to track business performance, conduct analysis and identify improvement opportunities, and convert financial details into actionable information.• Lead WW financial processes. Communicate and coordinate with leadership team and extended finance community in the field to effectively manage the process, and liaison with the A&O WW finance teams and BGs. Improved efficiency 30% on a WW process.• Collaborate with incentive compensation team and Field finance team to improve incentive compensation accrual accuracy; oversee the calculation of worldwide incentive plan accrual.• Strong experience of solution delivery for financial reporting and tools. Transform financial data into concise and accurate financial information.￼EDUCATIONMBA in FinanceUniversity of Washington - Seattle, WA 2005 to 2007SKILLSModeling, Forcast, budget, ExcelADDITIONAL INFORMATIONA Finance Manager with 8 years experience in modeling, forecasting, planning and P&L management. Advanced Excel skills. An MBA concentration in Finance.STRENGTHS• 8 years of financial modeling experience in forecasting, planning and initiative evaluation. Strong qualitative and quantitative financial skills.• Excellent problem solving and analytical skills to analyze information, draw conclusions and develop actionable recommendations.• Strong leadership skills and business acumen to evaluate the impact of changes on future financial performance.• Superior organizational, process management and communication skills and strong attention to detail.• Advanced time-management and project management skills to handle multiple deliverables simultaneously. • Excellent team skills. Can effectively lead a project or participate as an effective team member as well as work cross-functionally.• Advanced Excel, Power Point and data management skills. Experience of Access and SQL.