Lizbeth Rodriguez, CPA, MBA Accounting Manager / Controller - Schain, Leifer, Guralnick, CPA'sYonkers, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/da0d881bef6a9a35 Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEAccounting Manager / ControllerSchain, Leifer, Guralnick, CPA's - New York, NY - November 2007 to Present• Manage accounting and financial reporting for financial services client.• Manage daily accounting and monthly closing of general ledger.• Assign, supervise and train staff to execute their tasks efficiently and effectively.• Work directly with CFO to identify risks and controls in place to mitigate those risks.• Oversee the preparation of all financial and accounting statements in accordance with GAAP.• Perform analytical reviews of balance sheet and income statement accounts.• Prepare corporate, partnership, individual and trust tax returns.• Research and document solutions to auditing and tax issues.• Prepare management reports.• Keep abreast of company policies and procedures, current developments in accounting and auditing professions, and changes in local, state, and federal laws, as applicable.Senior AccountantSchain, Leifer, Guralnick, CPA's - New York, NY - October 2005 to November 2007• Prepared and consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP.• Performed audits, reviews and compilations.• Performed analytical reviews of balance sheet and income statement accounts.• Prepared inter-company reconciliations.• Prepared business and personal tax returns.• Kept abreast of current developments in accounting and auditing professions, and changes in local, state, and federal laws, as applicable.Accountant / Financial AnalystM. Fabrikant & Sons - New York, NY - February 2002 to October 2005Reviewed and analyze quarterly financial statements of 12 subsidiaries. • Prepared consolidated financial statements of 25 subsidiaries.• Compiled monthly cash flow reports.• Reconciled inventory discrepancies.• Compiled and analyzed subsidiary sales.• Reviewed and analyzed income statement accounts.• Prepared and analyzed subsidiary accounts receivable aging reports. • Reconciled inter-company accounts.• Worked closely with Vice President of Finance on different entities.Staff AccountantWalt Disney / ABC - New York, NY - June 2000 to January 2002 • Prepared monthly financial statements.￼• Prepared and analyzed monthly budget to actual results. • Handled monthly general ledger closing activities.• Reconciled and analyzed balance sheet accounts.• Analyzed monthly expenses.• Maintained fixed assets and depreciation schedule. • Reconciled and posted inter-company transactions.Accounting AssistantWalt Disney / ABC - June 1999 to June 2000• Audited and coded expense reports, invoices and check requests for payment.• Examined and verified invoices and expense reports for accuracy, appropriateness and approvals. • Computerized tracking system for inter-departmental documentation.• Liaison between accounts payable, vendors and employees.EDUCATIONMBA in FinanceBaruch College - New York, NY 2015BBA in AccountingPace University - New York, NY 1999SKILLSMicrosoft Office, Excel, Microsoft Word, QuickBooks and working knowledge of Oracle Accounting SystemCERTIFICATIONSCPA