Lynn GaySr. Finance and Administration Manager - Conservation Services GroupBridgewater, MA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Lynn-Gay/7f003bf634079503 Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCESr. Finance and Administration ManagerConservation Services Group - Westborough, MA - April 2012 to PresentWestborough, MA Apr. 2012 - PresentConservation Services Group is the leader in residential energy efficiency programs, helping to conserve energy and make homes and buildings more comfortable, safe, durable and affordable to operate.Sr. Finance and Administration Manager• Reporting to the EVP of Client Services and the VP of Customer Experience, with full responsibility for financial integrity and accuracy of all financial statements for multiple national services business units.• Responsible for providing financial planning, analysis and controls for the business units to ensure that financial objectives are achieved.• Responsible for preparing and ensuring the integrity and accuracy of all financial statements for the business units.• Manage the monthly close process for the business units.• Prepare the annual budget and subsequent mid-year forecast.• Lead the financial analysis of potential new client relationships, including price structure and profitability requirements.• Develop internal controls to ensure accuracy of financial statements and compliance with company policies. • Prepares reports to executive committee including monthly business reviews.• Recommend adjustments in expense spending in order to achieve business unit profit goals.• Monitor and analyze production and call statistics in order to develop more efficient staffing.Key Accomplishments:• Established pricing model and guidelines to be used for client business proposals, ensuring competitive pricing while maintaining company profitability goals.• Developed and implemented new financial reporting processes to provide financial results, including trend and variance analysis.• Identified major gaps in expense reporting, and established procedures/guidelines to ensure accurate and timely recording of expenses.Accounting ManagerAFS Financial Solutions Inc - Canton, MA - June 2006 to April 2012Canton, MA Jun. 2006 - Apr. 2012AFS Financial Solutions, Inc. is a leading provider of enterprise revenue management and billing software solutions.Accounting Manager• Reported to the CFO with full responsibility for annual budget, quarterly forecasts, accounts receivable/ payable, monthly close reporting, inter-company accounting and cash forecasting.￼• Prepared, analyzed and reviewed the monthly/quarterly financial statements, as well as, the monthly cash projections. Prepared the financial presentation package for the quarterly Board of Directors meeting.• Assumed lead role in outside annual audits.• Completed and filed all sales tax returns and monitor/update sales tax rates in billing system as necessary. • Worked closely with the Vice President of Sales to develop and monitor customer contracts.• Analyzed the financial and staffing impacts of scope changes on customer projects.• Gathered/prepared the necessary financial data/reports for review by potential investors.Key Accomplishments:• Developed standardized forecast/reporting models for both the Core and Revenue Manager business segments.• Helped secure $3Million in venture capital for the Revenue Manager business segment.• Completed thorough review of customer maintenance contracts, bringing in approximately $1.5Million of back revenue.• Analyzed all receivable accounts, fostering relationships with key customers, bringing in approximately $1Million in significantly overdue funds.Manager of Sales Forecasting/Specialty Pharmacy LiaisonSerono Inc - Rockland, MA - January 2003 to January 2005Rockland, MA Jan. 2003 - Jan. 2005Serono is a global biotechnology leader and a developer of recombinant prescription medicines.Manager of Sales Forecasting/Specialty Pharmacy Liaison• Reported to the Vice President of Sales with full responsibility for development, analysis and consolidation of annual strategic sales plan and subsequent monthly sales forecasts for Reproductive Health business unit. • Assumed full responsibility for specialty pharmacy communication and management.• Analyzed and communicated the impact of supply chain issues on the sales forecast.• Collected bottom-up sales forecasts from the field sales force and incorporated them into the quarterly sales forecasts.• Provided quarterly baselines and targets for the sales incentive plans.• Developed quarterly market share goals by sales area, relative to the sales forecast.Key Accomplishments:• Revised and simplified the bottom-up sales forecast process, resulting in a more timely and accurate sales forecast.• Developed new forecast models and worked closely with sales reps/ managers when setting their quarterly sales and market share targets.• Vastly improved relationships with specialty pharmacies. Met with each specialty pharmacy and developed and implemented several programs that were mutually beneficial. Survey of specialty pharmacies indicated that their satisfaction rate increased over 40% to an all time high of 94%.Sr. Financial AnalystCVS Corporation - Woonsocket, RI - July 2001 to December 2002Reported to the Mgr. of Store Budgeting and Forecasting, with full responsibility for monthly close reporting/ forecasting for the Healthcare Services and Rx Category Management business units.• Prepared, analyzed and consolidated annual financial plans and subsequent monthly/quarterly revisions.• Identified and analyzed the impact of all mergers, acquisitions, file buys and promotions.• Monitored pharmacy shrink reporting to ensure all appropriate store data is captured accurately and on a timely basis.• Ad hoc reporting and analysis.Key Accomplishments:• Completely revised and streamlined the annual budget process for the Healthcare Services business unit.• Developed standard forecast models (using Excel, Access and PowerPoint systems) for departmental/ business unit reporting.• Developed a method of budgeting average pay rate by category at the store level, rather than at the total company level.Sr. Business AnalystHelix Technology Corporation - Mansfield, MA - June 1996 to June 2001Mansfield, MA Jun. 1996 - Jun. 2001Helix Technology Corp. is a medium sized manufacturing company and is currently the world leader in the development, application and support of innovative solutions in the field of vacuum technology.Sr. Business Analyst• Reported to the Treasurer with full responsibility for cash management, financial planning, foreign exchange and corporate insurance.• Prepared, analyzed and consolidated original/strategic budget and subsequent monthly/quarterly revisions. • Reconciled cash and prepared cash reports and projections.• Developed cost/price models for margin analysis.Key Accomplishments:• Developed standard forecast models for departmental/business unit reporting, as well as for worldwide corporate consolidation.• Reviewed all corporate insurance policies for accuracy and coverage, discovering a $60Million gap in business interruption coverage.• Also, renegotiated all insurance policies after acquisition of new company, saving approximately $100,000 in annual premiums.Assistant ControllerPrism Health Group - Boston, MA - May 1993 to May 1996Reported to the Controller with full responsibility for the Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Payroll and General Ledger/Financial Planning departments.Senior Financial AccountantJohnson & Johnson Professional, Inc - Raynham, MA - 1987 to 1993Reported to the Manager of Financial Accounting with full responsibility for the monthly/quarterly closings.EDUCATIONMBA in AccountingBentley University - Waltham, MA 1998BS in FinanceBentley University - Waltham, MA 1987