M. Mangai Financial AnalystIrvine, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/M-Mangai/91e5ce10d8b297faLooking forward for an opportunity to work in the challenging environment, where I can utilise my knowledge skills in contribution effectively to the success of the organisation and also for the improvement of my personal skills.WORK EXPERIENCEJr. Exec - FinanceSource Hov - Chennai, Tamil Nadu - October 2012 to August 2013Work Profile• Cash Application Entries and preparing Aging Reports.• Consolidation of Bank Reports, Reconciliation of BOA lockboxes, Month End Closing and Production reports • Verification of vendor invoices and matching with Purchase Order and Goods Received Note• Validate Tax specifications, General Ledger codes in purchase Order• Quality check done on invoice processing and rectify the errors.• Processing Non-PO, Statements and debit notes• Preparing Bank Reconciliation statements on monthly basis• Handling payment related email queries from the client.• Managing the invoice queue and ensuring that they are completed and SLA is achievedEnsuring that, the Process updates are clearly captured updated in the Process documentationTechnology used:➢ Solomon ➢ Citrix➢ Epicor2. Organization: FLEXTRONICS Technologies India Pvt. Ltd.Flextronics is a leading, Fortune Global 500 Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) provider focused on delivering complete design, engineering and manufacturing services to automotive, computing, consumer, digital, industrial, infrastructure, medical and mobile OEMs.Credit AnalystFlextronics International Ltd - Chennai, Tamil Nadu - September 2008 to May 2010Work Profile• Back office operations of providing information support for credit department • Mapping parent BP code in oracle• Generating Analyst & FLR queue on daily basis• Working on CMT team for request updating on Baan• Generating and circulating reports for top level management on regular basis • Maintaining the reports of customers with data, updated with 100% accuracy • To run reports on a regular basis and necessary changes to be done on time • Monthly addition of new business partners in Outlook Soft￼• Creating new customers in Credit Point System(CPS)• Linking/Delinking of sites and subsidiaries of the customers• Regular tracking of data updated in CPS• All maintenance work in CPS to enhance the application to make it user friendly• Auditing PO project (payment) & auditing on analyst credit review on monthly basicsTechnology used:➢ Baan➢ Oracle➢ Mapics➢ Working knowledge of TALLY (Accounting) packageCredit AnalystAchievement on Work - 2009 to February 2010 for zero percent error & maximum output• Site unblocking, exposure reporting, NCNR % Changes, Efx, credit limit & rating changes done Baan. Won the star team awardEDUCATIONMBA -GPA 3.73/4.00 in FinanceUniversity of Redlands 2013 to 2015MBA -GPA 7.7/10Mepco Schlenk Engineering College - Chennai, Tamil Nadu 2006 to 2008BBA -GPA 6.8/10 in Business(Chidambaram Pillai College) - Bharathidasan University - India 2003 to 2005