Marlin Parker, MBA Division Accountant/AnalystAntioch, TN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/a9503f6158374969Highly motivated, dedicated, honest, detailed-oriented professional Accountant with over 12 years experience in business and finance. Experienced in financial analysis, account management, cost benefit analysis, and reconciling complex fixed asset accounts. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Keen interpersonal and intrapersonal skills. Strong presentation skills. Proven ability to strengthen financial operations and resolve financial and operational issues. Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEDivision Accountant/AnalystRepublic Services Incorporated - Nashville, TN - 2014 to PresentAccurately prepares weekly, monthly and quarterly operational performancereports for multi-million dollar businesses. Promptly reports variance analysis for budgets. Assists the Division Controller in ensuring proper internal controlsare operating in compliance with statutory regulations and company policies and procedures for the forecasting process, analytical review, and annual budget.Gathers financial information for multiple divisions. Meticulously prepares,examines, and analyzes complex accounting records, financial statements and financial reports to ensure accuracy in accordance with Generally AcceptedAccounting Principles (GAAP) and company policy.Senior AccountantGeneral Board of Discipleship - Nashville, TN - 2011 to 2014Effectively managed accounting directives and expenses. Analyzed financialinformation for multiple divisions and prepared financial reports includingmonth end and year-end close to ensure accuracy and conformance to reporting and procedural standards. Properly completed bank reconciliations. Oversawbudgeting process and monitored internal controls systems according to accounting standards and company policies and procedures. Managed cash,fixed asset accounts, accounts payable and accounts receivable. Ensuredfinancial data was entered correctly into accounting software. Expedientlyresolved any issues and discrepancies. Presided over reporting and analysis of employee purchases and expenses for over 150 employees internationally.• Spearheaded negotiations for 1.2% bonus that led to generating an increase in revenues.• Led the Finance team in purchasing new accounts payable system that resulted in expeditingprogress.• Led the development of more than 5 new financial reporting methods to measure productivity.Revenue AnalystKforce Incorporated - Tampa, FL - 2008 to 2011Analyzed business operations, trends, costs, revenues, financial commitments and obligations to project future revenues and expenses. Precisely calculated￼vendor revenues and recorded them to the general ledger and sub ledgers.Prepared, examined, and analyzed accounting records, financial statements and reports to ensure accuracy according to accounting standards and the companiespolicy and procedures. Assisted in month end and year-end close. Trackedemployee expenses and variance analysis according to departmental budgets.Business AnalystAutonation Incorporated - Fort Lauderdale, FL - 2005 to 2008Evaluated business operations, trends, and revenues. Gathered, analyzed, and reported financial data including revenues, employee earnings, and varianceanalysis. Accurately completed reconciliations on accounts.• Initiated price change from vendors, which resulted in monthly profit increase for vehicles.EDUCATIONMBA in Finance/AccountingTennessee State UniversityBA in EconomicsUniversity of South FloridaADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCore Competencies• General Ledger • Accounts Payable • Accounts Receivable• Forecasting • Budgeting • Reconciliations• Strategic Planning • Financial Reporting • Financial Analysis• Management • Variance Analysis • Profit and Loss• Conflict Resolution • Time Management • Financial ReportingComputer Skills: PC, Microsoft Office, Concur, PeopleSoft, GP Dynamics, Oracle, Hyperion Financial, and Lawson Financials.