Matthew Reynolds, MBA, CSPCreative; Enthusiastic; Broad Experience; Client-Centered; Professional; Driven; LeaderQueensbury, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/16e494e943aaa14cMotivated, well-organized, and goal-oriented problem solver with over twenty years of experience in managing, training, supervising, and consulting at various levels. Innovative team builder with a strong ability to effectively increase efficiencies, satisfy internal and external customer needs, and continuously improve quality using appropriate skills. Excellent oral and written communication and interpersonal skills, achieves exceptional results in business relations, customer service, crisis prevention and recovery, planning, organizing, and instruction. People conscious and team oriented, with proven leadership abilities, eager to learn as well as share skills and knowledge and implement positive change in a fast-paced, growth-oriented, and professional environment.Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCERoofing ContractorReynolds Roofing - Glens Falls, NY - July 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesAll phases of commercial and residential roofing to include shingles, rubber, metal, and slate. Estimating materials and labor costs.Accomplishmentsi am a third generation roofing contractor with New York States oldest, continually operating, family-owned roofing company.Skills Usedroofing installation, repair, and sales Basic carpentryNortheast Sales Territory ManagerSpectrum Industries, Inc - New York, NY - December 2012 to June 2014Responsible for carrying out the company's strategic sales initiatives, specifically increasing customer sales base in the Education, Government, and Corporate markets within all the New England States and New York. Notable Accomplishments:• Increased Sales in languishing territory by over 75% from 2013-2014• Successfully trained current and new Partners/Resellers to promote and specify Spectrum products • Participated in new product design leading to the most successful product launch in company historyLicensed Agent and Registered RepresentativeNew York Life Insurance Company - April 2012 to December 2012Prospect and sell life insurance and other financial products in accordance with client needs. Consult with and provide appropriate recommendations to help clients achieve financial goals.Notable Accomplishments:• Life Case Rate Leader, July 2012• Career Early Success Achievement Award￼• Facilitated & presented seminars and workshops to local businesses & organizationsInside Sales & Customer ServiceBarton International - Glens Falls, NY - February 1997 to February 2012Provided outstanding customer service and contacted prospective customers to market company products, provide detailed expertise, respond to technical inquiries, and ensure excellent business relationships. Prepared proposals, negotiated contracts, and worked as liaison between customers and regional sales managers. Entered customer orders and utilized CRM software to report sales and other administrative duties. Represented company at trade shows and association meetings to generate sales and promote company products and services.Notable Accomplishments:• Designed improved workflow plan to improve efficiencies and increase the number of orders entered by entire customer service team.• Developed relevant metrics using quantitative and statistical management tools to more accurately measure performance and increase results, including benchmarking and best practices.• Generated approximately $3.5 million dollars in domestic sales in 2011, a 15% increase over the preceding year in addition to nearly $2 million dollars in revenue from over forty foreign accounts, a 45% increase over the preceding year.• Created company-wide export compliance procedures to ensure proper handling of all foreign accounts.• Supported and co-managed several thousand accounts across the United States and several foreign countries.• Facilitated "toolbox training" on company product line, customer service and recovery, sales techniques and how to deal with difficult people as well as conflict resolution.EDUCATIONExecutive MBA in Strategic Leadership & MarketingRochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY 2011B.S. in Business, Management, and EconomicsS.U.N.Y. Empire State College 2009SKILLS* Customer Service Professional * Project Management * Lead Generation * Innovative Training & Development * Continuous Improvement * Sales & Marketing * Team Building * Leadership * Time Management & Organization * Consulting * Quality Fundamentals * Cost Control & Budgeting * Self-Starter * Creative Presenter * Business Development * Strategic Alliance & Partnership * Competitive Analysis * Relationship Management * Inventory Management * MS Office Suite * Multi-Tasking * Various CRM Applications * Teaching, Mentoring, and Coaching * Social Media * Program Design, Development, and Implementation * Distribution Management * International Sales & Export Compliance * Etcetera *LINKS http://www.linkedin.com/profile/view?id=69940997&trk=nav_responsive_tab_profile￼MILITARY SERVICEService Country: USBranch: United States Army, Active DutyRank: E-5 PromotableMay 1989 to October 1996I served honorably from 1989-1996, both in Reserve and Active Duty status as a Combat Engineer, Squad Leader, and Drill Sergeant, attending several military leadership schools.Commendations:Combat EngineerDrill SergeantAirborneAir AssaultSapperUnit ArmorerSupply SergeantArmy Achievement Medal with 3 Oak Leaf ClustersArmy Commendation Medal with Oak Leaf ClusterGood Conduct MedalPresidential Unit CitationAWARDSLife Case Rate LeaderJuly 2012Achieved the highest level of Underwritten Life Cases during the month of July 2012 out of 15 Insurance Sales people.Early Career Success Achievement AwardSeptember 2012Achieved over 40 Underwritten Life Insurance Cases within first 6 months on job with NYLICDistrict Commissioner's Rookie of the Year Award2001For exceptional service with Boy Scouts of AmericaDistrict Chairman's Award2003For exceptional District Service with Boy Scouts of AmericaCERTIFICATIONSCustomer Service ProfessionalJanuary 2011 to PresentCertified by the Customer Service Coalition as a Certified Customer Loyalty Specialist. I have gained the specialized knowledge that it takes to help provide over-the-top value and create loyal customers.GROUPSBarbershop Harmony Society1996 to 2006Held several leadership positions within the organization. Competed internationally with chorus and performed all over the northeast with several quartets.Society of American Magicians1994 to PresentProfessional society for magiciansClowns of America, International1996 to PresentProfessional organization for clownsToastmasters, International2011 to Present Effective Communicator Effective LeaderADDITIONAL INFORMATIONMy professional qualifications and personal strengths reveal high-end management qualities, such as commitment to excellence, integrity, and insight when dealing with complex situations that call for innovative solutions. Throughout my 20+ years of professional employment in the areas of leadership, sales, marketing, and business, I have been recognized as a person who can get the job done. I have developed a reputation of being an enthusiastic, creative, competent, and able to rise to any challenge placed before me. With years of successful hand-on customer service, sales, marketing, and management experience under my belt, I believe that I can very comfortably meet your requirements as an ideal candidate for employment with your company. If you're looking for an employee with impressive business acumen and out-of-the-box problem-solving talent blended with proactive team leadership and the ability to demonstrate growth, then I hope your search is over. I look forward to speaking with you soon.