Michael HillFredericksburg, VA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Hill/c386d886b0809217WORK EXPERIENCECAD Technician IVMBA CSi - Fairfax, VA - December 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesCreate/modify drawings and documents utilizing Inventor and AutoCAD documenting United States Postal Service mail delivery systems. Maintain technical data packages using USPS configuration practices.ELECTRICAL/MECHANCIAL ENGINEERING DESIGNERArgon ST, Inc - Boeing - Newington, VA - January 1981 to November 2014Participated in developing systems for signal intercept and identification, airborne imaging systems, threat warning systems, electronic intelligence, active electronic warfare systems, communications reconnaissance systems, torpedo countermeasures systems, imaging systems, communication systems, wireless networks and navigation systems.Duties include:• Configuration management of drawing packages.• Support proposal efforts with conceptual drawing and related documentation.• Mechanical Design: Develop and maintain mechanical engineering product definitions using Computer Aided Design (CAD) tools, Autocad and Orcad: Prepare 3D solid model design layouts using Autodesk Inventor and Solid Works. Create related drawings and bill of materials in accordance with ASME and ANSI standards.• Printed Circuit Board (PCB) Design: Create PCB layouts and associated documents using PADS PCB (layout) and OrCAD (schematic capture) in accordance with IPC specifications.• Maintaining CAD standards and libraries.• Supervising / mentoring less experienced personnel.Printed Circuit Board DesignerUniversity of Maryland - College Park, MD - 1980 to 1981Responsible for the design and documentation of Printed Circuit Boards which were used by the Physics Department in experiments.Draftsman/DesignerComputer Science Corporation - Fairfax, VA - 1980 to 1980Created drawings which were used in the construction of the Baltimore Metro Subway system.Draftsman/DesignerDynatech Data Systems - Springfield, VA - 1977 to 1980Responsible for the design and documentation of various parts and assemblies used in data￼communication.EDUCATIONMaryland Drafting Institute - College Park, MD 1976 to 1977SKILLSAutoCad; Inventor; PADS PCB; OrCad; Solidworks; Microsoft Office.CERTIFICATIONSInventor Core Concepts CertificateMarch 2007 to Present ATC Training CenterPADS PCB Design CertificateNovember 2001 to Present Mentor Graphics Training CenterBoeing Training CoursesAugust 2010 to PresentCompleted various technical coursework related to drafting / design.GROUPSPADI MSDTCertified Master SCUBA Diving InstructorADDITIONAL INFORMATIONLead the development, maintenance and release of electrical and/or mechanical drawings, systems designs, and engineering documentation. Utilize company, industry and governmental standards for multiple customers. Manage, interpret and develop design requirements. Use design tools to document and maintain configuration design control. Manage, create, develop and maintain complex systems designs by preparing design layouts, modifying existing designs and integrating systems elements. Validate complex engineering system design and functionality. Lead the process for product installation designs and part designs ranging from simple to complex. Coordinate activities and products with cross-functional groups, internal partners and external suppliers. Review and assign work to others.