Michael PayneExperienced Manager in the fields of Career Management, Finance, and EngineeringAustin, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Payne/df222bb681d4218dRelevant expertise in the industries of Career Services, High Technology, Energy, and Chemicals. Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEDirector, Professional/Executive MBA Career ManagementThe University of Texas at Austin McCombs School of Business - Austin, TX - October 2011 to PresentProgram Management of Career Services for the Texas MBA Working Professional Programs (Texas Evening MBA, Texas MBA at Mexico City, Texas MBA at Dallas/Ft. Worth, Texas MBA at Houston, and Texas Executive MBA). U. S. News 2015 Grad School Rank: #7; total student population: nearly 800.Envisioned and implemented a remote advising model for both DFW and Houston programs. Recruited and trained DFW and Houston-based advisors who are also establishing corporate relationships with local firms for experienced hire MBA recruiting.Proposed and executed baseline “Career Management Life Skills” training in all WP Programs. Lead creation of the content and presented the material in all programs. Student success as measured by selection for first round interviews in On Campus Recruiting reached 84% (at par with FT).Implemented new forms of communication with students to increase awareness of Career Management offerings and resources (Canvas cloud-hosted learning management system, Twitter, weblog).Presented at Working Professional and Full Time Admissions Information Sessions and assisted in the preparation of FT students for the Consortium for Graduate Study in Management Orientation Program Career Fair and other national diversity career fairs such as NSHMBA and NBMBAA.Assisted in the implementation of a new instance of the Symplicity career management software solution for all MBA programs as well as the McCombs Analytic Reporting System (MARS) for employment data.MBA Career Services Advisor (Associate Director/Senior Associate Director)University of Southern California Marshall School of Business - Los Angeles, CA - February 2005 to July 2010Instrumental in shifting the focus of student advising from an industry-based to function-based model. Envisioned, implemented, and lead the Company Finance and Operations function vertical. Brought several new companies to USC Marshall for active recruiting, two of which hired >6 students each in 2010.Devised innovative approaches to provide career development advice to the segment of the MBA student population who had not settled upon a primary focus for their job search, increasing their placement rate at graduation by 30%.Led the preparation of and advised The Consortium for Graduate Study in Management students for the Orientation Program Career Fair in 2007 and 2008, as well as providing support for the CGSM Board.￼Promoted to Sr. Associate Director in 2009. Managed Career Services and Employer Relations team and recruited and hired a new Career Advisor.Managed the implementation of a new MBA Focus career management software system concurrent with Fall recruiting season. System was fully installed and debugged with minimal interruption to operations.Lead team through challenging 2009 - 2010 recruiting season while implementing new service model for the approximately 600 students we advised, increasing placement over 2008 - 2009.Home Care Provider for ill parentLos Angeles, CA - November 2003 to February 2005Represented DLG Fuels (a start-up Biofuels concern) from 12/2002 to 8/2003 in alliance discussions with BP PLC and Biodiesel Industries, Inc., and built income statement/cash flow spreadsheet models.Provided enrollment and demographic data analysis and strategic consulting to improve degree completion programs at Arizona State University, College of Extended Education, Tempe, AZ from 6/2002 to 2/2005. Provision of home care and administration of finances for ill father.Senior Financial/Strategy AnalystIntel Corporation - Santa Clara, CA - June 2000 to November 2002Presented personal updates on cost reduction progress to the General Manager of the Technology and Manufacturing Group (TMG) using MS PowerPoint and other tools.Generated cash savings of more than $8 million in single/dual source contract negotiations.Provided technical, logistical, and "Should cost" analyses in sourcing decisions to outfit and operate semiconductor fabrication facilities using spreadsheet modeling, Monte Carlo simulation, and proprietary software packages.Performed exhaustive supplier and competitor/market analyses from unit P/L through corporate strategy. Responsible for Division budgets and planning, including Finance inputs for annual corporate long range (5- year) plans, as well as variance analyses (e.g., plan vs. actual) using accounting tools such as Essbase.Staff Engineer, Senior Operations AnalystAtlantic Richfield Company/BP - Los Angeles, CA - August 1988 to June 2000Senior Operations Analyst:Conducted corporate operations analysis/profit planning/profit projection using spreadsheet modeling and statistical analyses for several operating companies, including Refining and Marketing, ARCO Pipeline Company, and Lower 48 Crude Oil and Natural Gas Production.Prediction accuracy was >90%.Provided company financial performance input for the corporate Controller and Investor Relations functions (including SEC filings such as 10Q and 10K reports), as well as for other internal customers.Provided corporate due diligence and integration support for the ARCO/BP merger.Senior Policy Consultant:Provided corporate air emissions issues management and legislative support in the areas of fuels, vehicles, and facilities. Co-wrote proposed legislation language with company lobbyists for submission to federal and state regulatory entities.Drove corporate "Point of View" in emissions policy for regulatory affairs at both the state and federal levels. Prepared briefing books and provided personal counsel for the Chairman of the Board and Senior Vice President, External Affairs, for these regulatory areas.Staff Fuels Engineer:Drove corporate new venture business analysis of alternative fuels from an industry as well as consumer perspective with periodic presentation to senior company management.Served as the company's automotive technology liaison with the Big 3 and foreign automakers for alternative fuels.Prepared testimony for Government Affairs at both the state and federal level.Senior Engineer:Managed volumetric planning, analysis, and blending of refinery output and inventory worth more than $5 million daily for the Los Angeles refinery.Conducted process engineering, improvement, and troubleshooting activity for a large refinery unit which produced 10% of the gasoline sold in Southern California.Resolved operating issues on the refinery's catalytic polymerization facility which improved unit performance from 40% of rated capacity to greater than 90%.EDUCATIONMBA in FinanceThe Anderson School at UCLA - Los Angeles, CA September 1999Bachelor of Science in Chemical EngineeringWest Virginia University Institute of Technology - Montgomery, WV December 1981LINKS http://www.linkedin.com/pub/michael-payne/0/767/336/￼