Michael ToddController/Financial Manager/Senior Accounting ExecutiveWaconia, MN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Todd/59587a0f5a532cf2Experienced Financial Manager with extensive manufacturing experience and a track record of improving reporting, enhancing efficiency, implementing systems and controls and reducing costs. Experience includes General Accounting, Cost Accounting, Budgeting and Forecasting.AREAS OF FINANCIAL EXPERIENCE INCLUDE:• Financial Statement Preparation.• Cash Management, bank relations, and compliance with borrowing agreements.• Preparation and forecasts as well as pricing and costing analyses.• Oversee the operation of Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Billing, Credit, General Accounting and Payroll functions.• Accounting staff development and supervision.WORK EXPERIENCEDirector, FinanceFederal Package Network - Chaska, MN - 2012 to 2014A key member of the management team for a rapid growing manufacturer of specialized containers for the Health and Beauty industry reporting to the Company President and the CFO of the controlling investment group. Promoted from Controller in 2013. In charge of Accounting, Financial Reporting, Payroll, Insurance, Human Resources and IT and systems. Utilized SYSPRO ERP system for financial and operational reporting. Oversaw the daily performance of AR/AP, cash management, inventory control/costing, payroll, banking relationships and financial position. Responsible for monthly preparation of income statement, balance sheet and cash flow as well as annual budgeting that model strategic objectives and supporting the operations team with forecasting and analysis.• Designed Inventory Turn Reporting including Inventory Turns by Product Group, instrumental tools enabling the company to achieve a 32% reduction in inventory totaling over $600K.• Developed a Weekly AR Aging Summary on past due balances enabling Accounts Receivable and Customer Service to quickly follow up on past due balances reducing Accounts Receivable to an average 34 days sales and virtually eliminating bad debts. Approximate savings $30K per year.• Implemented Applied Labor Reporting that resulted in 20% improvement in applied labor utilization.• Developed numerous processes, procedures and policies for Accounting, IT System, Human Resources and Payroll including Returns, Inventory, Collections, Attendance, Time Off and New (System) User Set Up.• Installed an Electronic Time Reporting System interfacing multiple hardware and software systems enabling on-floor reporting and capturing hourly payroll information for both permanent and contract employees reducing processing time by 75%.ControllerCeramic Industrial Coatings - Osseo, MN - 2000 to 2012Directed financial affairs of a leading regional manufacturer and distributor of paints and coatings. Responsible for company's financial plans and policies, accounting practices, banking relationships, maintenance of fiscal records and preparation of financial reports. Implemented financial performance reporting by function.￼Managed general accounting, credit and collections, human resources, risk management and administration. Utilized CIMPRO MRP software. Reported to the President.• Implemented cash flow management procedures to conserve cash throughout the recession improving company cash balances by $150K and maintaining company solvency.• Obtained $68K of pricing corrections from major vendor from volume pricing errors.• Set up sales and fuel tax tracking and reporting procedures enabling the timely recapture of up to $20K per year of sales and fuel taxes.• Reduced annual year end CPA review on-site time to 1⁄2 day from 3 days saving $10K per year.Controller/Accounting ManagerKnight Colors - Montrose, MN - 1993 to 1999Controller of a manufacturer of dispersions for water based inks, a part of INX Group, a group controlling the nation's third largest ink company headquartered in Schaumburg, IL. Played an instrumental role reorganizing the company and restoring it to profitability. Directed accounting, financial, MIS, human resources and customer service functions. Implemented effective financial management and cost accounting that substantially improved cash flow, reduced costs and enhanced operations. Appointed to the Board of Knight Colors. While at Knight Colors:• Inventory Turnover improved 116%• Accounts Receivable Turnover improved 92%• Bad Debts decreased 56%• Notes Payable decreased 43% and interest expense decreased 49% • Installed Batchmaster ERP system with Microsoft Accounting.Subsequently performed additional work with the Corporate Accounting Department of INX International Ink Company including assisting with the consolidation of subsidiary accounting functions at INX, special projects, year end audit and U.S. and foreign government reporting.EDUCATIONMBA in FinanceUNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN - Madison, WIB.S. in AccountingMINNESOTA STATE UNIVERSITY - Mankato, MNSKILLSFinancial Reporting, General Accounting, Cost Accounting, Budgeting and Forecasting, Cash Flow Management, Payroll, Capital PlanningCERTIFICATIONSCPA: Minnesota, Certificate number 6175, inactive.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONIMA: Member of the Institute of Management AccountantsPrior Accounting Experience in Public Accounting/Ernst&Young/Auditor, Internal Audit/Carlson Companies/ Senior Auditor, Electronics Manufacturing/Honeywell/Financial Analyst, and Precast Concrete Manufacturing and Construction/The Bladholm Company/Controller.Others areas of experience:• System implementation and conversion to a comprehensive accounting and operations ERP system. • Risk Management and insurance.• Safety and Regulatory.• Human Resources.• General and Administration.