Michel Engwanda, Ph.D., MBA Adjunct Professor seeking more opportunitiesAurora, CO - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/f53e0b90d08f3088• Instructor and Tutor with several years of teaching experience in adult continuing education environment.• Delivered online and face-to-face mentoring sessions for undergraduate and graduate students.• Taught business & management Information systems courses to graduate students.• Experienced manager and MIS delivery professional in the telecommunication and Oil & Gas industries.• Educator seeking more opportunities that put in use my experience and educational background for the greater good of the institution.Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEAdjunct ProfessorJones International University - Centennial, CO - 2014 to PresentTeach online Business & Management Information Systems courses to diverse adult learners in accordance with learning objectives and session plan outlines specified by the University.• Administer evaluation of students' performance based on course rubrics and deliverable.• Provide suggestions to the University instructional design team for continuous improvement of the courses I teachCOURSES TAUGHTMBA 555 - Strategic Information Systems Management MBA 563 - NegotiationETH 401 - Business EthicsETH 501 - Making Ethical Management DecisionsBC 605 - Leading Customer Driven OrganizationsTutor/InstructorWyzant Tutoring Services - Chicago, IL - 2013 to PresentTutored graduate students including adult learners, both in person and in an online environment. • Trained adult learners on basic computer skills in a continuing education environment.• Taught to diverse learners all proficiency levels of French and Greek modern language.ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCESGlobal Data Analyst for Schlumberger Oil & Gas Inc - Denver, CO - 2006 to 2013Technical EngineerMCI Telecommunication - Cedar Rapids, IA - 2003 to 2005Group Home ManagerSystems Unlimited Inc - Iowa City, IA - 1998 to 2003EDUCATIONPost Doctorate CertificateGraduate Certificate in College Teaching and Learning￼2015Doctor of Philosophy in ManagementWalden University - Minneapolis, MN 2014Master of Business AdministrationColorado Technical University - Denver, CO 2008Bachelor of Science in Information TechnologyKaplan University - Cedar Rapids, IA 2005LINKS http://www.linkedin.com/in/engwandaADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCOMPUTER SKILLSMicrocomputer Specialist Diploma, Kirkwood Community College, IA 2002 • Operating Systems: Windows 8, 7, XP, Vista• IBM SPSS• Microsoft Office Suite• Basic computer & Network troubleshooting• Remedy 8.0, Blackboard, D2L, WebCT, etc.￼