Mihaela Preradovic Finance Manager - Institutional Client Group- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mihaela-Preradovic/be74511c584cc0a8WORK EXPERIENCEFinance ManagerInstitutional Client Group - Jersey City, NJ - April 2014 to PresentManaging financials for each program and associated projects for one of GIW teams within Client Treasury and Trade Services. Advising the managing director on financial aspects of each program/project, consulting with him on potential risks/opportunities, resource allocation and the team effectiveness. Supporting the director and finance manager in understanding their financials and assisting with strategic planning to keep programs funded. estimating savings and reallocating funds to projects in need.• Manage book of work project finances within the entire team making sure that resource needs are met and that financials reflect project lifecycle activities.• Organized financial reporting flow, implemented regular financial reviews with the PMs to identify excess funding and financial risks; clarify discrepancies between actuals and forecast; recognize opportunities.• Created reporting processes and educated PMs on financial rules and how to be more efficient while saving money in order to stay on track with the forecast.• Advised on all of financial inquiries from business clients and other tech groups; provide clarifications and advice to the senior management.• Conduct weekly financial control and analysis of my team's assigned programs and associated projects, including review of revenue recognition, project performance variances, and project cost management.• Manage FTE, fixed price resource funds allocation and T&M based resource hours allocation on project level. • Coordinate funds transfers between programs and projects, allocate reductions and act as team's financial contact.• Provide productivity and efficiency improvements to manage multiple data sources as well as the reconciliation of these sources.• Provide analysis and detailed level reporting of actuals vs forecast for headcount and dollars.Senior AdvisorWP Trading - International Trading Company - New York, NY - December 2011 to April 2014Financial Management & ReportingDeveloped and implemented financial reporting and control business mechanisms and procedures to start tracking and generating previously nonexistent financial information. Troubleshoot and problem solved with non-accounting people. Set up and control departmental budgets; control organization's financial management; review negotiated and finalized contracts. Led central financial planning and analysis, provided financial management advice as well as quarterly financial review, president's report and support. Coordinated financial statement preparation, analysis and reporting to both North American parent and foreign sister companies. Trained and coordinated staff of 5 in various locations, cross departmentally.• Managed business units' financial analysis, forecasts, reporting and commentaries ensuring accurate submissions, aligned to expectations, with analysis that is supported by business drivers.• Direct preparation of financial monthly management reports; analyzed business performance against historic results, budget and forecast; prepared re-forecasts as needed. Trained and supervised non-accounting staff.￼• Managed the analyses of financial data and metrics, monthly management reporting, annual plan and quarterly forecasts, quarterly, ad-hoc and partner presentations.• Liaised with department heads to define key performance indicators used to measure overall operational performance.• Developed, presented and provided financial management advice for business units' senior management, both on a regularly scheduled and ad-hoc basis.646-775-7025 * mihaela.preradovic@gmail.comSenior Financial Tech AnalystPrudential - New York, NY - May 2010 to November 2011Market Data Services & Procurement Financial Analysis and ReportingEstablished and directed procurement department's financial reporting system; managed forecasting and cost control. Managed soft dollar commission reporting, forecasting, allocation. Procured research providers, updated and tracked cost allocations; coordinated broker vote processes and reported to traders. Managed relationships between investment professionals, finance team and market data services vendors and brokers.• Established previously non-existent financial reporting system in procurement department. Saved money and resources to the department through forensic accounting and periodic audits with the accounting unit.• Managed department's financial reporting, month-end close reports, 'what if' and trend analysis, variance and ad-hoc reports, accruals, and forecasting. Wrote commentary and presented board-level PowerPoint.• Assessed expense data against objectives, accordingly adjusted plans and advised on expenditure practices. • Managed soft dollar allocations, reconciliations and accruals, collaborated with brokers, adjusted forecasts. • Approval, journal entry and maintenance of general ledger for market data services invoices, reconciliation to forecast; regularly created soft dollar forecast, accruals and allocations.• Coordinated with external brokers, established broker-dealer relationship and managed invoice receipt; coordinated payments via brokers with soft dollars.• Achieved greater savings through advising individual traders of their research reports usage and related expenses.• Documented business processes for more efficient coordination and easier cross functional training.AVP Financial Analyst - Operations &TechnologyFinancial Control - New York, NY - August 2006 to December 2009Reporting, Planning and AnalysisAdvised CFO and SVP of financial planning, budgeting, and analysis on expense drivers, budget adjustment needs, and variance explanations. Collaborated with business analysts across world regions to monitor expenditures, investigate inconsistencies, consolidate and present financial data. Analyzed financial statements, variances, developed findings and offered recommendations through daily calls and monthly operational reports to corporate management.• Managed preparation and distribution of internal and external reporting packages including Monthly Operational Reporting, Flash reports, month end close reports, quarterly and annual reports (for 5 year outlook, and 3 year outlook).• Analyzed financials, variances for all actuals and planning dimensions namely: outlooks, forecasts, 5-yr and 3-yr financial projections and assisted in preparation of key senior financial executive commentaries for SVP/ CFO, and operating committee.• Designed a new transfer approval process by simplifying and shortening approvals turnaround time by 50%. • Achieved cost reduction by finding and extrapolating 15% expenses in technology inventory.• Assisted in re-engineering related decisions by assessing region/product headcount data.• Managed reporting on intra-businesses' balances and expenses. Managed department's capital and operational expenditure analysis and reporting.• Managed and oversaw project based management reporting (e.g. intercompany transfers).• Supervised team of two in processing and consolidating of billing data and creating management reports.Business Analyst/Knowledge Manager - Project Management & ConsultingBBH Solutions, Inc - New York, NY - May 2005 to August 2006Assisted project manager in IT consulting department through all the phases of project life cycle. Translated requirements into functional and technical specifications. Organized workshops, training, interviews; acted as resource manager of Developed test plans and reviewed those prepared by users. Documented business processes and mapped requirements. Wrote proposals, project plans and business cases.• Created workflow VISIO diagrams; analyzed RFPs and wrote business proposals.• Conducted interviews; documented analysis, requirements workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, and task and workflow analysis.• Provided project manager with recommendations regarding scope, resource changes and milestone achievements or misses.• Liaised between business and technology partners to ensure requirements are translated in a way well understood by technology.646-775-7025 * mihaela.preradovic@gmail.com• Selected Client Experience:o Department of Health and Mental Hygiene* Coordinated team of 10 analysts and consultants to develop and implement new centralized statewide system for tracking patients' progress; led to 20% increased efficiency and data consistencyo Wellspring Capital Management LLC* Collaborated with senior management to create blueprints for new financial planning application across company, which eventually led to more effective communication and decision-making.EDUCATIONMBA in International BusinessSchiller International University - Largo, FL 2006BBA in MarketingNew York University - New York, NY 2002ADDITIONAL INFORMATION• Technical Skills: MS Office (including Project and Visio), PTS-W, CHARTS, Hyperion-Oracle ESSBASE, Business Objects, Crystal Reports, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, Python, FITS, basic Salesforce.com, SharePoint, Bloomberg terminal, EPICOR, SnagIt.