Monique Boyer, SPHR, MBA Human Resources DirectorSan Francisco, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/14fe8cc6e6b38e9bA Human Resources leader with a strong background in change management, policy and practice implementation, training, employee relations, recruitment, HRIS, payroll, and benefits. Experienced in supporting employees in the field and at the corporate level. A strong proponent of HR alignment with business strategy and goals. Experience working in multiple sectors including digital media, high-tech, retail, hospitality, and food manufacturing. Strong HRIS implementation and project management skills in the area of payroll, performance and recruitment. Twelve years experience in HR. Multi-state management responsibility experience. Seeking career advancement.• Strong change management and communication experience for new programs as well as department reorganization, and outsourcing.• Managed HR teams of 4 - 7 employees in the areas of safety, training, payroll, employee relations, and benefits.• Facilitate organization and leadership development efforts by working with employees and managers to address employee needs and issues through a systematic approach.• Experience implementing employee programs, HR processes and company policy in a start-up environment. • HRIS management and implementation experience including timekeeping and performance modules.• Extensive experience supporting multi-state locations in a matrix environment.• The ability to development and deliver training based on business needs, and strategic vision. • Good financial skills including budget oversight and census planning.WORK EXPERIENCERegional Human Resources ManagerLee Enterprises Digital Media Communications - Napa, CA - April 2013 to PresentRegional Human Resources Manager Lee Enterprises Digital Media . April 2013 to Present - Resource for 300+ sales and staff in western U.S. operations. Worked with committee to revise and initiate an annual performance program. Implemented performance based incentive plans tied to company goals for sales and management. Restructured commission plans. Developed leadership training programs specific to organizational needs. Topics included change management, performance management, and goal setting.Human Resources Manager (Contractor)Granite Solutions, Randstad, Zempleo - San Francisco, CA - March 2012 to April 2013Human Resources Manager (Contractor) Specialty’s Café, Pernod Ricard, Zempleo. March 2012 to April 2013 - Supported sales driven multi-unit locations in San Francisco. Performed audits and worked with leadership to stream line HR processes. Partnered with senior leadership to put in place manager training program, and HR audits. Resource for employee conflict resolution and leave administration.Human Resources Acting DirectorTillamook County Creamery Association - Tillamook, OR - April 2011 to September 2011Supported 900+ retail, restaurant, food manufacturer, three unions, and corporate staff. Restructured the HR department streamlining duties into functional areas of responsibility. Clearly defined department roles and responsibilities to ensure client focus and excellent customer service. Managed a department of five employees￼in benefits, payroll, and recruitment. Worked with three union contracts. Supported employees at multiple work sites. Managed HRIS implementation for HR Sharepoint and timekeeping systems.Human Resources ManagerValley Fine Foods - Benicia, CA - March 2007 to April 2011Supported 300+ corporate and food manufacturer employees in the US and Thailand. Implemented human resources practices at a quickly growing and fast-paced organization. Responsible for evaluating and updating HR policy for two food manufacturing facilities and the corporate headquarters. Managed an HR team of four. Implemented solutions that aligned with the strategic vision of the organization to grow the business, develop, and retain top talent. Implemented recruitment and performance management systems. Developed a company wide safety program that included safety audits and safety meetings. Planned and conducted organizational and leadership development training. Developed a manager training program. Project Manager for an HRIS system implementation that included payroll, benefits administration, applicant tracking and timekeeping. Managed all HR vendor contracts including the benefits and workers compensation brokers.Onsite Contract RecruiterCitrix Corporate Headquarters - Fort Lauderdale, FL - March 2006 to September 2006Supported 1000+ corporate and hi-tech production employees. Filled positions in the areas of IT, Engineering, Accounting, senior management, Operations, Hospitality, and Marketing.Human Resources CoordinatorIT Department - Boca Raton, FL - March 2002 to February 2006Supported 700 IT employees and managers with an emphasis on training, employee relations and visa administration for a multi-state group.EDUCATIONMBAFlorida Atlantic University August 2008BA in International AffairsFlorida State University - Tallahassee, FL 2001SPHRHRCI - San Francisco, CA 2009University of Costa Rica - San Jose, CASKILLSFluent in SpanishADDITIONAL INFORMATION COMPUTER SKILLS• ADP HRIS Suite• MS Office• MS SharePoint• PeopleClick• PeopleSoft• Projectix Applicant Sourcing Application • Taleo• Ultimate Software Suite