Nathan MclaughlinPittsburgh, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nathan-Mclaughlin/0827a56f7c37fc73WORK EXPERIENCEFinance ManagerHighmark Health Inc. - Pittsburgh, PA - July 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesManaged budget and analysis for IT infrastructure and security division with annual budget of over $200M. Developed and supervised a staff of seven.AccomplishmentsFinance LeadershipLed finance transition from cost center to for profit IT Services organization, managing a team of seven people reporting to the CFO.Implemented strategy for budget and analysis for IT Infrastructure and Security division with annual revenues of ≈$215MM.Created processes and structure for creation of new product line, consistent with market offerings, to be sold to internal and external customers. Consideration was given to expense and revenue recognition, billing, and utilization.Skills UsedLeadership, process improvement, budget and financial analysis.Senior Project Manager - Finance Leadership Development ProgramHighmark Inc. - Pittsburgh, PA - July 2013 to PresentResponsibilitiesManage multiple projects across all functional areas to integrate insurance company with recently acquired healthcare system. Create financial models to project performance for new and existing lines of business. Worked to development risk management protocols and tracking mechanisms for newly integrated organization.AccomplishmentsProject Management•Led project to consolidate over 800 physicians into a single physician organization consolidating key backend functions and managing over 20 work groups for a new integrated delivery network.•Coordinated multiple efforts to align provider and payer to provide low cost care for patients and insurance customers.Vision Formation•Established key metrics for enterprise risk management tracking to enable entire organization to effectively deploy capital and manage acceptable risk.•Developed financial model from scratch for new business line with projected annual revenues in excess of $40MM.Skills Used￼Project management, strong interpersonal skills, financial modeling and analysis, presentation skills, ability to work on cross-functional teams.Summer AssociateMBH ENTERPRISES, INC - Denver, CO - June 2012 to August 2012Financial Analysis• Developed financial models to analyze past results and project future performance for a private equity holding company with six subsidiaries and annual revenues of ≈$350MM.• Identified potential acquisitions by generating extensive market sizing reports and assessing their fit within the core values of the fund.• Performed valuations on competitors at the subsidiary and parent company level.Initiative• Produced actionable recommendations on acquisition strategies and existing business expansion to allow executive management to make informed, calculated decisions.Senior BuyerWORLEYPARSONS GROUP, INC - Monrovia, CA - August 2008 to June 2011Leadership• Turned around pipe spool fabrication program totaling over $30MM spend for two Chevron refinery sites and twelve projects to allow for predictable, on-time, under-budget results for material fabrication and delivery.• Responsible for all purchasing decisions beginning May 2010, supervising six people.• Reduced costs and liabilities for Chevron resulting in cost savings of $2.1MM+ transforming a problem area into an example of success for both WorleyParsons and Chevron.Teamwork• Coordinated various departments of a large cross functional team to maintain schedule of critical path items for large scale refinery upgrades with a total budget of $1.2B.• Increased client satisfaction in high pressure, schedule-driven environment by aligning the appropriate stakeholders towards a common goal.Project Expeditor and BuyerJACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP, INC - Denver, CO - September 2006 to August 2008Communication• Maintained schedule and budget for a BP project encompassing ten jobsites across five states with an overall cost of $100MM through constant communication with 60+ colleagues.• Reported on milestones and budget numbers to the client resulting in excellent client reviews.Value Creation• Led negotiations with suppliers to reduce client liabilities and exposure, improve commercial terms and schedule, and provide cost savings of $800K+.• Produced new comprehensive schedule for procurement activities which became a standard for the project.Procurement Systems SpecialistJACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP, INC - Denver, CO - October 2004 to August 2006Process Improvement• Developed strategies to improve efficiency of materials management and accounting systems, reducing costs and required resourcesEDUCATIONMBA in Fiance, Strategy, and EntrepreneurshipTepper School of Business at Carnegie Mellon University - Pittsburgh, PA 2011 to 2013Bachelor of Arts in EconomicsMiddlebury College - Middlebury, VT 2000 to 2004ADDITIONAL INFORMATION•Finance Initiatives: completed Training The Street, corporate valuation and financial modeling courses •Interests: wine, travel, golf, running, skiing, and softball.