Nilam Singh MBA Finance InternCooper City, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nilam-Singh/7bc8cb67e8535d0eWORK EXPERIENCEMBA Finance InternDARDEN RESTAURANTS - Orlando, FL - May 2013 to August 2013Reported to the SVP Finance of Longhorn, and worked as a Project Lead for Longhorn, Olive Garden, and Red Lobster.• Optimized closing times for 2000 individual restaurants by performing internal and external research on finance and operations - interviewed major stakeholders and visited restaurants to observe operations.• Recommendations made in final presentation to senior management were accepted within two hours and implementationwas begun the next day, an unprecedented action in the history of the company.• Added $6 M to the bottom line in savings and additional income.Finance MBA InternLEON, MAYER CO - Miami, FL - October 2012 to January 2013Reported to Principal of the firm. Assisted with research and analysis of target companies. • Performed research on potential acquisitions.• Analyzed financials to value possible acquisitions.Equities Trader and Floor ManagerWORLD TRADE SECURITIES - Miami, FL - September 2011 to July 2012Miami, FloridaEquities trading proprietary firm with locations all over US, Canada and UKEquities Trader and Floor Manager September 2011 to July 2012Oversaw 10 traders while day trading equities. Hired as a trader and promoted to Floor Manager within three months.• Assisted Branch Manager in managing investor relations and exploring new ventures in London, Mexico, and Virginia.• Traded equities implementing several types of trading including scalping, swing trading, and momentum trading.• Created financial statements and business plan for prospective business in London.Financial AnalystRYDER SYSTEM INC - Miami, FL - June 2010 to September 2011Managed all aspects of supply chain sales compensations and supported Director of Supply Chain Pricing & Planning.• Priced, analyzed and presented deals over $20 million for companies like Verizon and Atrium.• Reviewed and provided insights on deals ranging from $5M to $40M to upper management and executives. • Improved supply chain compensation monthly closing efficiency and effectiveness by three to four hours.• Analyzed, audited and approved sales packages for all Ryder supply chain signed business.• Conducted research on sales incentives and identified $1M worth of commission overpayments. • Found and corrected a $15M inaccuracy in Lost Business Reporting.￼Financial AnalystSONY PICTURES ENTERTAINMENT - Miami, FL - August 2008 to December 2008Supported Director of Finance and Sr. Financial Analyst in all aspects of financial planning and analysis.• Contributed to annual budget forecasts and analysis of P&Ls, Cash Flow Statements, and Balance Sheets. • Developed new reporting formats and worksheets later utilized by field financial staff to increase efficiency.EDUCATIONMaster of Business Administration in Finance and M&AUNIVERSITY OF MIAMI SCHOOL OF BUSINESS - Coral Gables, FL BARRY UNIVERSITY - Miami, FLADDITIONAL INFORMATIONComputer Skills: Excel (macros, advanced Formulas, and pivot tables), PowerPoint, Access, Word, SAP, FOCUS,Hyperion, Lotus Notes, ENCODA, SPSS, Minitab, Databases (Billing Rate Change, CAC), SalesForce, DocuShare, SterlingPro., Blackwood/Fusion Pro