Niveditha Ramakrishnan MBA Finance InternLos Angeles, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Niveditha-Ramakrishnan/566f156d6f3d357bWORK EXPERIENCEMBA Finance InternFox Filmed Entertainment - Los Angeles, CA - September 2012 to December 2012Prepared financial models to support quarterly forecasts for the International Home Entertainment Finance Division.• Established a model to forecast the additional revenue due to the future release of sequels, increasing forecast accuracy by 5%.• Led initiative in developing processes that forecasts movie's lifetime revenues which became the basis for other outlook and green light models used by the team.• Designed template to identify changes in ultimate revenues based on actuals for management's quarterly review.• Updated prior cost and revenue allocation assumptions based on current year data for budgeting purposes. • Supported Senior Financial Analyst in executing ad-hoc requests.MBA Finance InternBelkin International, Inc - Los Angeles, CA - May 2012 to August 2012Provided monthly financial reporting & supporting analysis to senior Executives from Regional and Business Unit perspectives.• Designed and created automated monthly reporting for senior management using Hyperion Financial Reporting Studio reducing report generation by 40 man hours every month for the FP&A team.• Consolidated budget data to create the presentation deck used to support the strategic offsite with the Board of Directors.• Developed and supported the implementation of templates that were sent to all regions and functional groups for global data collection and consolidation for the Fiscal year 2013 budget process.• Reviewed and updated existing Operational Expenses template to capture additional product detail.• Developed more accurate models to estimate employee benefits cost based on recent trends and future assumptions.• Tested Data Flow of the Revenue Template to ensure that it captured components of the revenue walk correctly.• Worked on various ad-hoc projects such as forecasting, trend analysis and run rate analysis for decision making.Assistant Project ManagerYoung (India) Computer Pvt. Ltd - June 2010 to May 2011Led a team of 5 employees that designed customized data and voice network solutions for clients. • Created models for operational expense analysis for individual client projects.• Created efficient product procurement processes to manage costs, improving margins by 4%.Project AssistantYoung (India) Computer Pvt. Ltd - July 2009 to June 2010Acted as a liaison with client stakeholders, creating Scope of Work documents.• Worked with engineers to identify custom requirements and designed feasibility tests.￼Engineering InternJuniper Networks - Bangalore, Karnataka - July 2008 to June 2009 Developed and tested platform applications for the Enterprise Switches Team.EDUCATIONBE in Electrical & Electronics EngineeringBirla Institute of Technology & Science - Pilani - Goa, India 2004 to 2009MSc in PhysicsBirla Institute of Technology & Science - Pilani - Goa, India 2004 to 2009Master of Business AdministrationPepperdine University, Graziadio School of Business and Management - Malibu, CASKILLSTechnical Competencies: Hyperion Financial Reporting Studio, Hyperion Excel Add-in, Business Objects, Palisades Decision Tools, IBM SPSS Statistics, Logical Decisions, Microsoft Office and VBA for Excel.