Oral BurkeSenior Finance Manager, Marketing - Office DepotCoral Springs, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Oral-Burke/f12a3d4d6234add1 Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCESenior Finance Manager, MarketingOffice Depot - Boca Raton, FL - 2013 to PresentKey strategic partner to CMO. Provides financial leadership to all functional areas within marketing. Leads all long range strategic planning, annual budgeting and monthly forecasting activities. Manages all aspects of financial planning and analysis. High-profile role on Merger/Integration team as point person for Marketing Finance. Provides the financial acumen to help support operational decision-making. This includes a sound understanding of the financial ramifications of any major decision and articulating potential financial alternatives and the related risks/rewards of each.Key Accomplishments:• Finance Lead on integration team during the Office Depot/Office Max merger. Identified over $100M in annual run-rate synergies over a three-year period. Realized over $47M in year one of merger.• Successfully integrated Marketing P&L for two multi-billion dollar companies with annual spend exceeding $500M.• Played a vital role in identifying and tracking merger related one-time cost of over $40M.Director of Financial Planning and Customer AnalysisComcast - 2011 to 2012Promoted into a strategic position of impact to the business. Directed team of 5 direct and 40 indirect support staff completing collection and analysis of customer and financial performance as well as all relevant information concerning current and potential markets and competitors in Florida. Led preparation and review of P&L, monthly operating financial statements, monthly variance analysis, and budget data for accuracy and integrity. Managed business-planning cycle through preparation of forecasts and budgets. Provided daily, weekly, monthly, annual and ad-hoc analysis, highlighting interdependencies of key productivity measures. Reported to the Vice President of Marketing.Key Accomplishments:• Spearheaded the integration of customer reporting, forecasting and analytics of 2.7 million customers generating over $2B in revenue. Created first ever consolidated dashboard on critical KPIs for new senior leaders. This snapshot incorporated an intensive drill down of data to root cause and used to make strategic decisions.• Played a pivotal role in driving incremental sales by repurposing more than $5M annually between sales channels. Effort increased market share by 0.5% and contributed to revenue growth of $250M or 7.7%.• Structured and launched a sales completion program, which increased sales recovery rate by 3.6% and generated over 20,000 incremental customers in the first year of launch. Program was adopted by Division and launched in other markets as a 'best-practice'.• Reduced personnel expense by $3.1M annually by reorganizing the sales support team of over 50 employees.￼• Played key role in the merger of two budgets; re-allocated $170M in marketing spend by functional groups providing much better focus on areas such as retention, acquisitions, and outside sales.Regional Manager of Research & PlanningComcast - 2006 to 2011Provided business intelligence to make strategic decisions to meet and exceed business goals. Managed regional subscriber budget and forecasting process for customer growth. Provided insightful analysis/ explanation of variances to business goals. Prepared Regional Marketing and Customer expense budget. Maximized team awareness of customers and revenue statistics while creating opportunities to over perform against goals.Key Accomplishments:• Led the marketing execution for the launch of the All-Digital project, positively affecting over 1.7 million customers; growing digital penetration from 63.3% to 87.4% within two years and launching over 100 new channels.• Initiated a customer retention strategy by administering surveys to over 20,000 customers; collaborated with senior leadership to formulate retention programs which contributed to a decrease in Internet customer churn from 49.7% to 39.5% and Voice customers churn from 47.6% to 37.8%.• Orchestrated integration and acquisitions of several cable systems affecting more than 100,000 customers that provided a $145M revenue influx and increased market share by 7.4%.• Maximized growth opportunity by identifying high theft areas, leading to the shutdown of 71,000 unauthorized cable modems, which secured over $36M in potential revenue loss annually.• Played an instrumental role in formulating and leading a region-wide Hispanic Market growth initiative, added more than 80,000 customers in the first year becoming the 2nd largest Hispanic market in the company.Prior to 2006Promoted through a series of positions with increased scope and responsibilities due to excellence in performance.Senior Marketing AnalystComcast - 2004 to 2006Regional Payroll CoordinatorComcast - 1999 to 2004Operations AnalystComcast - 1999 to 1999 1999EDUCATIONMBA in FinanceNova Southeastern University - Davie, FLBachelor of Arts in FinanceFlorida Atlantic University - Davie, FLBachelor of Arts in Management Information SystemsFlorida Atlantic University - Davie, FL