Paige Rodgers, MBA~Analytically Talented, Finance MBA.Technologically Savvy. Great Communicator. MBA in Finance.~Lexington, KY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/f172db1e73d2a0ebResourceful and results-oriented leader with an innovative attitude. Offering strong planning, communication, and team management skills focused on opportunities to create customer connections, build brand authenticity, and drive efficiencies and profitability within global organizations. Recognizes the importance of tracking and responding to Key Performance Indicators (KPI’s), market research, consumer insights and other data-centric information. Uses technology as a side-kick to success rather than a partner to failure.Comfortable with long-term planning, budgets, P&L, goal setting, team building, and accountability to meet overall business goals. I possess the unique ability to retrieve, analyze, interpret, and manipulate complex data - presenting it in a way that is clear, concise and compelling. I connect downward, upward and across to deliver measurable results.Available with 2 weeks' notice. Willing to relocate with 30 days' notice. Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCESr. Financial AnalystLexmark International - Lexington, KY - February 2015 to PresentResponsibilitiesNAMER P&L Reporting Access Database design SAP/BI/Bex Reporting Profitability AnalysisSr. Financial Strategy & Profitability AnalystAlliance Data Systems - Columbus, OH - May 2014 to December 2014ResponsibilitiesIn this newly created role, responsible for designing, implementing and maintaining efficient, automated, compliant, timely and accurate financial reporting and planning processes, procedures and reporting tools. Assists in the budgeting and planning process to create long term annual and monthly cash flow forecasts and enable scenario planning to assess the impact of varying operational and financial strategies. Ensures that processes and procedures are properly documented, maintained and compliant with FDIC regulations.AccomplishmentsKey highlights’ to date:• Client Performance Review and Press Release Template• Disaster Recovery Analysis• Led Proof of Concept (POC) project team with delegated responsibilities to successfully design and launch self-service reporting capabilities leveraging SharePoint• Administered UAT and project delivery planning in support of SharePoint• Payment Trend and Profit Ratio Analysis￼Skills UsedExcelSharePointSQLFinancial Reporting FDIC Regulations AccessEssbaseData AnalysisPowerPointPresentation & CommunicationSr. Pricing & Profitability AnalystAlliance Data Systems - Columbus, OH - April 2013 to May 2014ResponsibilitiesPerforms data analysis and modeling of statistically sound, robust, creative and competitive Private Label Credit and Bankcard Program financial models for both new and existing business. Able to demonstrate unique value for the client in support of crafting the right “win strategy”, while also producing the desired return for Alliance Data. Acts as a key liaison between the Pricing group and business partners, which include, Client Sales, Legal, Strategic Markets, FP&A, Business Insights, Retail Sales and others as required to evaluate the P&L impact of disparate activities. Provides analytic rigor to profitability and retail credit trends with the purpose of driving change through strong communication and sound analytic methodology.Accomplishments• Asked to lead multiple projects and steering committees to drive organizational change, create efficiencies and implement financial controls (i.e.; Organizational Design, Tool Rationalization, Data Governance, Cost Allocation, Model Revamp, Corporate Mentorship Program (FASTTeam), etc.)• Quick to become very familiar with the technology that directly impacts business.o Leverages Crystal Ball Monte Carlo simulations and SQL to build detailed “what-if” scenarios to measure risk. o Spearheaded the design, and overall deployment of SharePoint and PowerBI tools to enhance team communication, reporting and collaboration.• Performs impact analysis and advanced analytics to forecast performance and make recommendations.• Reviews and negotiates contract language to ensure all modeled financial triggers are accurately accounted for.Skills UsedExcellent Communication SkillsTools & Technolgies Microsoft Office 2010 & 2013 - Excel (Super User)- PowerPoint- Word- SharePoint- Power BIOracle- Essbase- Crsytal BallWinSQLProMicroStrategy PeopleSoft FinancialsFinancial Analyst & Real Estate ConsultantThe Tylen Group (Self) - Telework - August 2008 to January 2013As a master of multitasking; manage overall finances, schedules and logistics for family of five. Balanced priorities to create and implement fiscally sound budget; motivated, coached and counseled subordinates; taught and modeled ethics; worked with teachers to closely monitor performance; planned, organized and supervised activities; paid invoices and reconciled accounts.Regional Business Development ManagerBrink's US - Dublin, OH - August 2007 to August 2008Recruited to manage $50MM cash logistics portfolio; encompassing 40, F500 Financial Institutions and Retailers, throughout the Great Lakes Region (OH, WV, PA, IN and MI). Used advanced selling techniques to deliver outsourced cash solutions and manage financial controls. Facilitated CompuSafe® installation, and managed relationships with clients, vendors, and internal teams to ensure on-time delivery of products, efficient installation, and completion of project lifecycle. Alongside legal counsel, standardized legal and contract documentation with vendor and clients. Traveled extensively and worked effectively across organizational lines, to guide clients through the successful execution of service. Developed monthly and quarterly financial reports, to manage risk and monitor service. Partnered with the Federal Reserve Bank branches of Philadelphia, St. Louis, Cleveland and Chicago, to streamline cash logistics and reports, while achieving compliance and maintaining the terms of service agreements.• Utilized financial analysis to demonstrate reduction of total cost operations, resulting in $150k in savings.• Developed monthly and quarterly reports to minimize exposure to risk and provide best cost analysis.• Collaborated with finance team and partners to provide customized solutions which eliminate waste in processes.• Structured and negotiated contracts, to insure integrity and compliance with FRB and FDIC Regulations.Licensed Investment BankerJPMorgan Chase - Canal Winchester, OH - April 2004 to August 2007Managed investment portfolios with a deep knowledge and understanding of how government regulations, policies and economic trends affect the investment industry as a whole. Understands how to assess risks, and limit financial losses of the company and individuals. Consistently cultivates, establishes, and maintains key client relationships; commercial accounts and affluent private clients to drive profits. Proactively reviewed current and changing financial needs, to conduct competitive analysis and develop strategic, tactical plans to expand existing client base. Remain apprised of company products and services as well as competitors products to cross-sell additional products and services.• In 2008 Increased Consumer and Business loan production over $3MM, by forging and solidifying a referral network, which included key realtors and mortgage companies.• From 2007- 2008, Grew branch deposits & investment balances by $14MM and retained 97% of those dollars. • Due to sales production selected to open 1st “new build” branch in Central Ohio after the JPMorgan Chase acquisition’• Exceeded annual sales goals by top of 3rd quarter ~ key to making the branch top performing in its peer group.• Partnered with local realtors and mortgage representative, to document pertinent loan information, review credit, financial statements and meet underwriting guidelines for Fannie Mae, FHA, Ginnie Mae, and Freddie Mac.• Received numerous accolades for client retention, service, production, cross-sell and exceptional service.• Attained Small Business Certification managed all small business banking deposits for assigned branch. • Produced a referral pipeline of 15-35 residential mortgage loans per month.Commercial Vault AssociateU.S.Bank - Cincinnati, OH - January 2004 to March 2004Processed and balanced virtual commercial cash vaults, including filling cash orders, accepting and verifying large volume deposits; including currency, coin and checks under general supervision. Prepped proof work for item processing which enabled same day credit for domestic customer deposits. Processed international and domestic wire transfers from bank branches. Balanced and processed more than 50 currency and coin orders, incoming deposits and check imaging for corporate customers, correspondent banks and internal bank branches. Balanced inventory daily, and developed financial reports.Call Center Representative IIIFifth Third Bank - Cincinnati, OH - October 2000 to May 2002Provided bank customers with real time account information, utilizing a computer based telecommunication system. Assessed individual costumer needs to cross-sell additional banking products. Consistently exceeded established sales goals, through effective communication and researching customer history. Explained detailed billing and account information to callers and served as a reliable resource for valuable product information. Consistently resolved complex customer issues, and provided a world-class customer experience. Trained staff on credit report analysis, bank products and general on-boarding.• Proficient on Federal Deposit Insurance Company (FDIC) and Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) regulations. • Maintained daily inventory of calls, complaints and product sales.EDUCATIONMaster of Business Administration in FinanceCapella University January 2011Series 6 in Securities LicensureHonduras - Worthington, OH January 2004 to January 2008Life and Health Insurance in Life and HealthHonduras - Worthington, OH January 2004 to January 2008Bachelor of Science in Management & Organizational LeadershipUniversity of Cincinnati June 2004SKILLSExcel, SharePoint, PowerBI, Analytics, Impact Analysis, Communication, Leadership, Business Development, Private Label, Pricing, CreditADDITIONAL INFORMATIONAreas of Expertise include:SAP/BIConsultative & Value-Added Sales Business Alliances & Partnerships Competitive Analysis & Benchmarking Team-Building, Training & Mentoring Computer, Web-based Tools & Internet P&L / Risk ManagementProject Management & Implementation Contract Writing, Negotiating, RFI & RFP’s Cash Flow Management & Modeling Budget Development & Management Solutions Architect. Sharepoint & BI tools