Paul Carlson MS, MBA QUALITY MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS PROFESSIONALSouth Jordan, UT - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/1e970c7a1c9db79cA forward-thinking and detail-oriented operations manager with a solid background in quality management systems, process improvement, change management, relationship management, customer satisfaction, root cause analysis, risk management, project management, manufacturing, and engineering. Practiced in business tactics, implementing programs, and effectively driving change initiatives to achieve critical objectives. As an innovative strategist, skillfully analyzes and resolves complex problems to decrease loss and greatly contribute to the overall success of a company.Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEAudit Program Manager and Quality Assurance EngineerFairchild - West Jordan, UT - 2013 to PresentLeads site’s quality management system through administration of internal audit program.Manages the processes change plan system, FMEA system, and calibration program.Performs supplier audits and presents recommendations to site leadership.o Part of team qualifying new vacuum pump supplier to remedy failures during product processing resulting in reduction in tool downtime and product scrap events.Coordinates third-party certifying body audits and external customer audits of site’s QMS.Reviews and approves all engineering procedural and documentation changes.Manages and trains team of internal auditors and team administrative assistant.Trains newly hired employees in site’s quality policy, quality objectives, procedures, and expectations. Saved over $500,000 per year as member of team to reduce scrap from human error.Performs root cause analysis and corrective actions for product scrap incidents.Qualified and implemented new packaging material for shipping and storage of product saving $100,000 per year in scrapped product.Executed significant improvements to site’s internal audit process through training program for departmental managers in root cause analysis, corrective actions, and resolution of audit nonconformances:o Reduced average number of internal audits carried over Q/Q by 70%o Reduced average number of internal audit findings carried over Q/Q by 53%o Reduced average number of day’s internal audit CAPAs remaining open by 47%o Reduced average number of repeat nonconformance findings by 16%o Reduced number of internal audit process nonconformance findings to zeroo Reduced number of external audit nonconformance findings by 97%Senior Process EngineerFairchild - West Jordan, UT - 2010 to 2013Served as process engineering owner of all in-line metrology tools across all engineering departments in a high-volume manufacturing facility.Installed and qualified new metrology tools as part of site-wide re-tooling projectDeveloped and implemented new measurement methods and recipes.Wrote and maintained tool specifications, engineering procedures, FMEAs, and OCAPs Performed tool matching and GR&R studies.￼Improved process recipe creation procedures, resulting in 75% reduction in setup time, 12.5% increase in tool availability, and $56,000 annual direct labor savings.Managed and trained team of engineering technicians.Process Development EngineerInfineon Technologies - Sandston, VA - 2005 to 2009Served as process development engineer for overlay and CDSEM tools in leading-edge, high-volume manufacturing facility.Developed and distributed new measurement methods and recipes.Determined and implemented appropriate monitoring methods for tools and products.Conducted continuous improvement of processing methods. Produced novel method of measuring non-standard die-level feature. Managed documentation of new processes and methods.Directed and trained team of engineering technicians.Staff Process EngineerIBM - Hopewell Junction, NY - 2000 to 2005Served as process engineering owner of overlay and WDXRF metrology tools during new wafer fab start-up and transition to a leading-edge, high-volume manufacturing facility. Wrote and maintained tool specifications, engineering procedures, FMEAs, and OCAPs; performed tool matching and GR&R studies. Specified, installed, and qualified new metrology tools. Directed and trained team of engineering technicians.EDUCATIONMBA in OperationsUniversity of Utah - Salt Lake City, UT 2015MS in Materials Science and EngineeringOregon Health and Science University - Portland, OR 2001LINKS https://www.linkedin.com/in/pdcarlson8ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CERTIFICATIONSRABQSA Lead Auditor for ISO 13485, Medical DevicesRABQSA Lead Auditor for TS 16949, AutomotiveRABQSA Lead Auditor for ISO 9001, Quality Management Systems Certified Lean Six Sigma Black BeltCertified Lean Six Sigma Green BeltPROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENTProject Management 35-hr. Classroom Requirement, Virginia Commonwealth University￼SPC, DOE, and Leadership – IBM Continuing Education CoursesAFFILIATIONAmerican Society for Quality, MemberCOMPUTER SKILLSMicrosoft Office Suite, Lotus Notes, JMP