Phong PhanPersonal Finance Consultant (PFC)Kent, WA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Phong-Phan/f486befb0b801c21WORK EXPERIENCEPersonal Finance Consultant (PFC)Techcombank, Vietnam - June 2012 to June 2013Explain to customers regarding Techcombank's products and services.• Researching and gathering information about potential customers.• Analyze and consult clients concerning about their current financial position.• Evaluate customers' financial position to refer them to products and services that meet their needs. • Conducting payment plans for the client's loans.• Collect, data analyzed trends, and create reports as requested.COURSE WORK RELATED PROJECTSCourse: Applied managerial Economics• Project: VND Devaluation and Its effect on the economy.• Result: Individual in depth 8-page paper focusing on why and how the currency was devaluated and recommendations what should be done to overcome the current distress.Course: Strategic Finance• Project: Using MS Excel spreadsheets to demonstrate changes in forecasted growth rate of sales impacts financial statements.• Result: Individual 6-page paper calculating to show changes in additional funds needed when sales growth forecast changes.Course: Banking and the movement of Capital• Project: Individual case study on a bank that has operations in the US.• Result: Research individually of Bank of America that created an 11-page report focusing on the operations and SWOT analysis.Course: Business Strategy• Project: Identify and analyze strategies that successful companies are now applying.• Result: Research individually that created a 20-page report on strategies that three companies: Apple, Amazon and Starbucks are successfully applying in their industry.EDUCATIONMBA in FinanceCity University of Seattle - Seattle, WA September 2013Bachelor of CommerceRoyal Melbourne Institute of Technology September 2007 to June 2012￼ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SKILLS• Forecasting and Planning• Costs-Benefits Analysis• Business process improvement• Budgeting• Business Systems Analysis• Analyzing Business Reports• Teamwork• Professional/ Native level Vietnamese