Rachel VossYoga Teacher (RYT-200) with Program Management BackgroundLaurel, MD - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rachel-Voss/d9ca7b64627a11c7I am a Yoga Teacher (RYT-200) registered with the National Yoga Alliance. My teaching style is primarily an active-based Vinyasa flow, but I have studied and used other Yoga teaching methods including: Iyengar, Ashtanga and Restorative. I am also certified in Thai Yoga Massage and attuned in Level I Reiki. I am an experienced professional recognized for effective leadership, positive interpersonal and superior oral/written communication skills, a strong work ethic and team-building capabilities.Yoga Teaching ExperienceSpiritual Essence Yoga and Wellness Center, Upper Marlboro, MD, September 2013 - Present• Teach two weekly 60-minute Yoga classes.• Classes include asana (posture) practice, stretching techniques and breathing exercises. • Class styles are Gentle and Active (Sculpt and Tone).• On-call substitute Yoga teacher.Guest Instructor and Other Experience:• Visiting Yoga instructor for Clay Pots Community Center in Baltimore, MD.• Participated in National Holistic Health Day for National Collegiate Prep Charter School in Washington, DC. Taught two 60-minute Yoga classes to teenagers ranging in age from 14-18.• Provided Yoga instruction at Artistic Dance Academy in Upper Marlboro, MD. Taught two 60-minute classes to adults and teenagers and one 30-minute class to children ages 4-8.• Participated in a weeklong Yoga retreat in Costa Rica with internationally known Yoga instructor and trainer Rachel Brathen.Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCESenior Program Manager - Career Development Programs, MBA EducationMortgage Bankers Association (MBA) - Washington, DC - October 2007 to April 2015Worked with Vice President of Education on developing strategic education program initiatives and targeting opportunities for program sales. Collaborated with instructional design team and subject matter experts to create and review program content in advance of program offerings. Directly reported to Senior Vice President of Education, Membership and Strategic Initiatives.• Program manager and point of contact for MBA's pilot Career Connections Program; a strategic initiative to align MBA's professional education programs with targeted community and four-year colleges as a career development platform. Worked with MBA's Diversity Committee to ensure program serves underrepresented student populations.• Program administrator for MBA's Path to Diversity (P2D) Program; a scholarship incentive targeting underrepresented populations within the mortgage finance industry. Scholarships provide funding for MBA's education programs. Collaborated with MBA's Diversity Committee to establish funding for P2D scholarships specifically for MBA's Career Connections Program.• Responsible for management of MBA's Future Leaders Program; a year-long executive leadership development course for individuals employed in either the residential or commercial channels of the mortgage￼finance industry. Residential and commercial programs each include weeklong training events three times per year, including a one-day trip to the Lincoln Leadership Institute in Gettysburg, PA.• Developed infrastructure for the Education department's customer service center. Recruited and hired three college summer interns to launch and support infrastructure. Interns successfully produced over $30,000 in revenue from Education program sales.• Managed budgets for areas of responsibility, with a primary focus of minimizing program-related expenses. Provided oversight for training program calendar, instructor assignments, vendor selection and contracts for classroom-based programs. Managed overall coordination of approximately 25 programs for MBA's 2014 fiscal year (October 1, 2013 - September 30, 2014).• Facilitated classroom and web-based training programs with audiences ranging from 20-75 students. Managed on-site delivery of courses. Ensured positive customer service experience (both pre- and post-course). Utilized feedback from course evaluations to measure success and determine areas for improvements.StudentUniversity of Maryland School of Law - Baltimore, MD - August 2006 to December 2006Senior Specialist/Policy Analyst, Government AffairsMortgage Bankers Association (MBA) - Washington, DC - April 2004 to July 2006Launched MBA's Annual Mortgage Fraud Conference in 2005; rolled out resource center website on mortgage fraud against the lending industry; managed website's development, including content, website design and user features. Researched and tracked Congressional legislation affecting residential loan production business practices of the mortgage banking industry; corresponded with senior officials at the Social Security Administration, Federal Bureau of Investigation and Housing and Urban Development concerning proposed residential loan production policies; requested and received support for MBA initiatives.• Wrote issue papers to educate MBA staff and membership; provided research and support to other departments within MBA for industry papers; coordinated MBA's Data Security Task Force and successfully established MBA's policy position on data security; wrote Data Security White Paper in conjunction with Task Force.• Managed MBA's Fraud subcommittee comprised of approximately 100 members; managed MBA's Quality Assurance subcommittee and Quality Assurance Leadership Group; determined subject matter for special- interest Quality Assurance conferences in conjunction with Leadership Group.EDUCATION200 Hour Yoga Teacher Training CertificationSpiritual Essence Yoga and Wellness Center - Upper Marlboro, MD 2013 to 2013Master in Public AdministrationAmerican University 2002Bachelor of Arts in Criminal JusticeTemple University 1999