Raymond Matias Senior Contracting OfficerNewark, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Raymond-Matias/c741a6b76a6dacc7Twenty-Five years of experience in contract management, development, planning, negotiating and financial and budget analysis. Strong background in management, including research and policy development, detective and human relations skills. Demonstrated ability to accept increasing responsibility. Capable of initiating and implementing major decisions in the interest of senior management, possess high level of initiative, industrious and conscientious about all assignments and responsibilities. Particularly adept at meeting critical deadlines and working with others. Experience also includes several years of volunteer work teaching ESL, Business Consulting, Mentoring, Environmental Research and Fund DrivesWORK EXPERIENCESenior Contracting OfficerNew York City Department of Finance - New York, NY - 1997 to 2014Responsible for RFP (Request for Proposals) management and development, negotiating, executing and oversight review of contract actions between Banks, Financial Institutions and various revenue and cost centers within the New York City Department of Finance. Responsibilities also include assisting attorneys with contract language and contents, evaluating, auditing and monitoring contractor's compliance with applicable program reporting requirements.Contract ManagerNew York City Department of Health - New York, NY - 1988 to 1997Responsible for developing and negotiating budgets, reimbursement analysis and providing consultation and financial technical assistance to Health Care Providers and Community-Based Organizations with Human Service Contracts. Responsibilities also include assisting attorneys with contract language and contents, evaluating, auditing and monitoring contractor's compliance with applicable program reporting requirements, preparing applicable paperwork, i.e., Pre-Solicitation Review and Recommendation to Award Contracts through Competitive Bids and Proposals, Public Notice of Awards and Advertisements for print media.Budget AnalystBrooklyn - 1986 to 1988Budget OfficeResponsible for planning and preparing temporary service budget, budget projection, analysis and various reports. Prepared revenue and expenditure forecasts for various cost centers, i.e., utilities and other than personal services expenditures. Regularly reviewed actual and projected expenditures vs. allocations within Finance and Administration V.P. area and expenditure type. Identified and projected deficits or surpluses.PROCUREMENT PROJECT OVERVIEW:Operations• Solicited and managed x-ray technician services, nursing and temporary personnel services, computer maintenance, auto repair, general maintenance, technical support, banking services, tax warrants and collection and credit card and debit card acceptance Bids and RFPs for contract development and award from $25k to $237m• Managed intergovernmental contracts between DOH and municipal hospitals for TB control initiative. Also managed contracts with private health care providers for TB control.￼• Chaired budget and policy development committee for seven major program areasFacilities Management• Solicited and managed janitorial, building maintenance and services, armed and unarmed security, shelving, moving and inventory of books and electronic imaging Bids and RFPs for contract development and award from $25k to $50m• Coordinated office automation initiative• Coordinated video conference initiative• Assisted Division Space Planner with logistics and office moves• Solicited and managed laboratory retrofit project for TB Clinics and environmental consultant contractsACCOMPLISHMENTSEstablished team leadership and trust, developed working relationships that were key to division/bureau success, created network of essential contacts for expedient decision-making along organizational lines. Consistently demonstrated keen judgment in performing duties and making decisions in the interest of management.EDUCATIONM.S. in Energy and Facilities ManagementNew York Institute of Technology, School of Engineering 1999MBA in FinanceNew York Institute of Technology, School of Management January 1986B.S. in Public Administration and AccountingMedgar Evers College August 1982