Richard Nichols, MBA, DML Demonstrated Master LogisticianSummit, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/09f466f9102b065b Key attributes:1. I possess an MBA and BA with a 4.0 GPA.2. I am a Demonstrated Master Logistician as designated by the Society of Logistics Engineers 3. I am dynamic and adaptable to change4. I possess strong communication skills at all levels both inside and outside of the workplace 5. I work well with others as well as independently6. I exceed the requirements of this position7. I am goal driven and results orientedCombined, I believe that these attributes along with a broad wealth of knowledge and education can help a company to maximize profits, streamline operations, and achieve strategic objectives.Richard J. Nichols, MBA, DMLDemonstrated Master LogisticianSOLE - Society of Logistics EngineersThe International Society of Logistics Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEManagement Consultant & LogisticianADS - June 2005 to Present• Supplied Logistics Support Services and Managed Operations as well as Training and Development for multiple industries in both the public and private sector. Implementation of warehouse and transportation management systems. Worked closely with clients in order to assess requirements and to provide ongoing support. Sell-in of consulting services by prospecting and closing deals to small and medium-sized businesses such as logistics and transportation providers, research organizations, and private equity investment groups. Created Marketing Plans and Best Practice Standard Operating Procedures. Prepared and reviewed reports and presentations with senior management. Utilized data management and optimization tools along with lean principles to create efficient and cost-effective routes and supply chain models. Aligned with strategic partners such as Defense contractors and participated in bid teams. Generated proposals regarding contractual & unsolicited opportunities for the GSA, DHS, TSA, DOE, and U.S. Army.Logistics Operations SpecialistYELLOW TRANSPORTATION, INC - June 2003 to June 2008• Directed operations of Fleet, Transportation/Dispatch, and extensive CRM management. Assisted in demand and budget forecasting for local and regional management; Utilizing queries good queries for sound decision- making; Successfully multi-tasked daily pick-ups and deliveries of general freight and hazardous materials with commercial vehicles in a timely and safe manner in order to increase profits and customer satisfaction; Enforced weight limits and loading capacity; Maintained driver records in compliance with DOT, OSHA, TSA (Homeland Security Dept.), and FMCSA laws and regulations. Route optimization - Improved overall route￼design for region. Skilled in various modes of transportation. Collaborated with IT, operations, and sales team to achieve short and long-term objectives.VP of Operations/PartnerNICARO PRODUCTIONS - January 1991 to June 2003• Managed All Areas of Customer Service, Finance (P & L), Inventory, Strategic and Event Planning, Personnel, Logistics, Safety, Security, Sales and Operations Planning (S&OP). Launched and marketed new products and value-added services. Established best practices and KPI's. Spearheaded expansion with cost-effective results as well as overall process improvement. 100% growth in the first 3 years and continued success 20 – 30% every year thereafter.EDUCATIONMBA in Business Administration & Information SystemsAshford UniversityBA in Business AdministrationAshford UniversityCertificate in Supply Chain ManagementBloomfield CollegeCertificate in Microsoft ApplicationsCareer Blazers Learning CenterCertificate of Completion for various coursesDefense Acquisition University (DAU)SKILLSFluency in English; Intermediate Languages: Portuguese and Italian. Open-minded, Entrepreneurial Mindset, Critical and Strategic Thinker, Detail-oriented with sense of Urgency. Solid track record of consistent success in developing and implementing strategies to maximize organizational growth and profits. Skilled in business development, logistics/supply chain analysis/metrics (Warehousing/Distribution, Transportation {Private Fleet, 3PL, Freight/Carrier/Vendor Negotiations – Local, Regional, National, Global IMEX Logistics}, Production, Inventory Control, Purchasing, QC), sales, marketing and client relations. Recruited and developed highly productive sales and operations team generating significant increases in productivity, accounts and sales revenue. Developed and guided team of skilled workers increasing workplace efficiency with decreases in accident downtime. Union and Non-Union environments. Government contractor experience. Hands-on Team Leader. Master of Business Administration Degree and Certificates in Supply Chain Management, MS Applications and Dynamic Dispatch Implementation (Roadnet 5000 - UPS Logistics Technologies). Intermediate to Advanced skills: Windows 8/7/Vista/XP Professional Operating Systems, Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Access, Outlook, PowerPoint), Internet, SAP, and Red Prairie, Roadnet, Fleet Management Professional (FM PRO) and proprietary TMS/WMS/FMS programs. No criminal record. BLS – Certified (CPR, AED, First Aid). Class A CDL. Licensed Security Officer.LINKS http://www.linkedin.com/pub/richard-nichols-dml/45/632/106￼AWARDSGolden Key International Honour SocietyInducted during MBA program.Alpha Sigma Lambda National Honor SocietyInducted during BA program.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCertificate of Completion – Principles of Lean ThinkingCertificate of Achievement – SOLE Logistics Workshop (Supportability In Equipment Design, Development of Procurement Packages, Item Unique Identification, Materiel Release)Certificate of Achievement – AFCEA Fort Monmouth Chapter Professional Development Award (2008 & 2009)Certificate of Completion - Microsoft Applications – Career Blazers Learning CenterProfessional Memberships:(Former) Vice Chair, Professional Development (SOLE – Garden State Chapter at Fort Monmouth)SOLE – The International Society Of Logistics {Society Of Logistics Engineers}APICS – The Association For Operations Management {American Production & Inventory Control Society} SIL – The Premier Global Network Of Industry Professionals {Society of Industry Leaders}AMA – A World Leader In Professional Development {American Management Association}InfraGard (New Jersey Chapter) – Partnership For Protection {FBI & DHS Program}AFCEA – Armed Forces Communications and Electronics AssociationNDIA – National Defense Industrial AssociationAAAA – Army Aviation Association of AmericaAUSA – Association of the United States ArmyAOC – Association of Old CrowsHonorary Special Deputy Sheriff – Passaic County Sheriff’s Office