Rob SaldanaExperienced MBA Graduate: Marketing, Operations & ManagementFindlay, OH - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rob-Saldana/f9f597568b775daeVisionary Strategist: This candidate brings a broad collection of skills, interests and attributes to any position. Innovative ingenuity combined with flair for disciplined, statistical tactics afford him the perfect balance of non- traditional problem-solving skills and the ability to implement them through well-ordered, proven processes.www.linkedin.com/in/robsaldanaAuthorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCESupport Staff, Volunteer, MBA StudentRob Saldana - Findlay, OH - January 2011 to October 2014MBA student - University of FindlayNon-member support staff - First Presbyterian Church, Findlay Health-fair volunteer (Intra- and extra-oral cancer screenings) Volunteer photographer (Directory photos, Event photos)DirectorDentaCheques at NFDH - Denver, CO - July 2005 to June 2010Executive staff responsible for production, promotion and sales of a fundraising publication to benefit access to dental care for the disabled. Sales of which constitute primary funding source for humanitarian dental services provided to functionally limited individuals across the nation.Reduced expenses by over 15%Tripled revenue in one year.Sales, marketing and communications with customers, executives, sales representatives and volunteers.Created customer-acclaimed companion website for processing requests, eliminating paperwork and mail while collecting detailed marketing info from 10's of thousands of entries.Donated Dental Services CoordinatorNFDH - Denver, CO - October 2004 to July 2005Coordinate donated dental care, laboratory services, implant materials, specialist referrals etc. for caseload of 150 patients. Intake interviews, creation of compelling profiles and telephone/fax donation requests confidentially.Surpass goal of $480,000 in donated care to $814,000 in the same fiscal year, bringing total CO donations to $1MM+ for the first time.EDUCATIONMBA in Organizational Leadership, Marketing￼University of Findlay - Findlay, OH 2013 to 2014Bachelor of Arts in Law, SociologyPurdue UniversitySKILLSPromotions, Website Administration, Email Marketing, Social Media, Marketing Communications, Strategic Planning, Problem Solving, Microsoft Office, Direct Mail, Photoshop, Program Management, Brand Management Trade Shows, Budget Setting, Contract Negotiation, Internal Communications, Management, Six Sigma, Fundraising, Product Management, LeadershipADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSpecialties:--Effective interaction/communication with dental professionals, dental organizations and associations. --Collaboration with industry executives as well as sales reps.--Expense reduction--Strategic planning--Branding and product management--Website administration and analytics--Trade show coordination and staffing--Collaborative product promotions creation, implementation and management with distributors --Proposal and contract negotiation--Customer service--Supervision and delegation