Robert Bowles Sales and Finance ManagerBakersfield, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Robert-Bowles/29c0d1ca8796767bI am an experienced sales and finance manager with fifteen years of managerial experience. As a highly skilled sales and finance manager, I possess strong strategic planning and people management skills. I have a strong track record of being among the top producing managers within every organization I have been involved. I also possess strong interpersonal skills and the ability to cultivate and maintain collaborative business relationships across all levels of an organization.Sales and Finance ManagerI possess professional skills as both a sales and finance manager. I am well versed in the strategies, practices and technical aspects of these positions. I have knowledge of various computer and software programs that can be utilized to improve revenue, expenses and overall business operations. Being an experienced sales and finance manager I can provide guidance to employees that are in need of help.Key Areas of Focus:• Interview, hire, train, mentor and coach sales personnel.• Motivate sales personnel to achieve their goals.• Negotiate directly with customers and close deals.• Negotiate directly with banks and finance companies to secure the best financing available for the customer and dealership.• Prepared and finalized contract paperwork to conclude the sale.• Worked directly with the general manager to achieve sales goals.• Implemented innovative programs to increase employee loyalty and reduce turnover.Finance DirectorAs a finance director, I possess the professional skills to direct a team of finance managers. I was a liaison between the sales and finance departments as well as the business office. I have knowledge of the various financial programs needed to secure financing for customers. Being an integral part of the management team I worked upper management to develop a business plan for the finance department.Key Areas of Focus:• Negotiated bank programs to maximize the dealerships profits.• Worked directly with the owner to achieve desired production levels for finance personnel.• Worked directly with the business office to achieve consistency with the accounting process and the review of the financial statement.• Defined strategy and business plan for the finance department.Assistant Branch ManagerIn my position as an assistant branch manager I helped with the day-to-day operations of the branch. I am experienced with policy and procedure that goes along with a large corporation. I am experienced in providing guidance and training to new hire employees.Key Areas of Focus:• Partnered with the branch manager to achieve the desired production and delinquency levels.• Developed and maintained long term relations with local automobile dealerships to provide financing options for their customers.￼• Marketed local automobile dealerships to earn their business.• Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, collections and contract purchasing wile providing excellent customer service.WORK EXPERIENCESales and Finance ManagerMotor City Buick, GMC, Lexus - Bakersfield, CA - April 2005 to January 2015 reorganized and position eliminated)Finance DirectorGolden State Motors Suzuki - Bakersfield, CA - March 2001 to March 2005 recruited)Sales ManagerPhelps Auto Center - Las Vegas, NV - May 2000 to February 2001 recruited)Assistant Branch ManagerAVCO Auto Center - Las Vegas, NV - October 1995 to May 2000 recruited)EDUCATIONMBA in Business financeCalifornia State University Bakersfield - Bakersfield, CA 1992MBA in one yearCalifornia State University Bakersfield 1992ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnical Skills• Knowledge of CRM systems • Microsoft Word • DealerTrak • Microsoft Excel • Vauto • RouteOne• Contact Management • VinSolutions • Microsoft Outlook