Roy Dowdell- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Roy-Dowdell/24bf9440414b25bfExtensive knowledge and experience in managing organizations at the highest level ofexcellence. Complete knowledge of analytical, SEC financial reporting, accounting skills, particularly in analyzing models, contracts/proposals/forecasts/trends. Superb communications skills. Strong negotiating andinfluencing skills and adept problem solving abilities.WORK EXPERIENCEChief Finance OfficerCMS BankConsultant - Director of Financial ReportingResponsible for financial reporting on NASDAQ Company, SEC 10-K and 10-Q, audited financial statements preparation, reports on shareholder equity, technical advice and due diligence on merger activity, footnote application, financial statement production and support, tax review.TMA, Inc.Chief Financial Officer• Hired as consultant then stayed long term. Responsible for Budgets, financial reporting, strategic modeling and planning on all business ventures and monitoring of budget versus actual expenditures. Developed investment funding objectives and portfolio guidelines. Operational oversight and management of IT, Sales, Guest Services and Operations, Human Resources, Accounting, Investments, Theatre Operations, Catering, Banking, Audit, Tax, and Administration.Julia Dyckman Andrus Memorial, Inc.Chief Financial Officer/VP of HR• Responsible Investment and Operating Budgets, led two strategic mergers/acquisitions of companies into JDAM, company e-medical paperless computerized system development and implementation for medical billing, strategic planning through financial modeling, fund raising in accordance with funding objectives and portfolio guidelines. Overall operational oversight, training, mentoring, and management of 34 staff working in 7 cities across Westchester County, NY in Finance, Accounting, H/R, Billing, Audit, Tax, Investments, Administration and Customer Services. Member of Foundation CFO Board to plan and implement goals and objectives on family foundation assets with world-wide investment managers on $2+Bin market assets held in trust.Greyston Foundation, Inc.Chief Financial Officer• Responsible for Policy Development, System design, Budgeting, Financial Statements, strategic planning. Corporation network with 5 operating companies, which included Development Corporation for Real Estate, Article 28-A Medical Services Corporation, C Corporation Wholesale Bakery, Homeless Housing Corporation, and Manufacturing Corporation of high-end apparel accessories. Overall operational oversight and management of 18 staff in Finance, Accounting, P/R, Personnel, Administration, Audit, and Tax preparation. Heavy contact with other foundations and non-profits on funding and programs.Westhab, Inc.￼Controller and Chief Accounting Officer• Controllership responsibilities in Housing and Real Estate Development Corporation with two limited liability companies.ALICO, Inc.Audit Supervisor/Internal Control• Supervised 2 Managers, 4 Auditors, and 32 Administrative staff in $2.5B national insurance company representing union workers in clothing, cotton garment, and textiles and other related industries.EDUCATIONMBA in Finance & AccountingFordham University - New York, NYBachelor of Arts in Information ScienceFordham University - Bronx, NYComputer Science EngineeringUS Coast Guard Academy Military Academy/College - New London, CTADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL SKILLS• Blackbaud, Altru, Raisers Edge, Great Plains Dynamics, IBM Platinum, Quick Books, Fund-EZ, Peachtree, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Mail, and Microsoft Access, ADP Software Suite, proprietary billing and data collections software, Anasazi Enterprise Electronic Billing and Medical Record software, Explorer ticketing, Retail Pro Retail Sales Software, Medicaid/Medicare software, legal time/ task billing software.• Extensive experience in the development and implementation of accounting, fund raising, financial systems to include policies and procedures, consolidated financial statements, and annual regulatory filings with the SEC, IRS, PBGC, NYS, CT, and the US Federal Government.• Proficient in filing SEC 10-K, 10-Q, Sophisticated Investor filings and disclosures on private equity investments.• Business process analysis and business change process experience. Financial modeling expertise. Public presenting• Experience with benefit administration and insurance contracting, telecommunication systems and network design, implementation of networks connectivity design, including subsidiary contracting all HR benefit and insurance services.• Extensive experience with Capital Projects funding, design, execution, financing, including Public Bonds.