Scott Van ZantSaint Augustine, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Scott-Van-Zant/038890151ff6468fExperienced professional with planning and organizational skills, able to balance individual work, team support, participation, and ad-hoc responsibilities in a timely and professional manner. Always open to the next challenge!• As project manager, led a $25M congressionally funded 3 phase 3 year emergency communications development project, successfully managing, and executing requirements in mobile integrated and interoperable command and control communications systems now used in the southeastern United States first response effort• Developed and executed all activities related to end-to-end project management; proactively monitored, managed, and reported on deliverables; coordinated guidance to sub-project team leads; communicated regularly with diverse stakeholders, including senior leadership providing project updates and obtaining or recommending approvals affecting changes in scope in writing or verbal reports and formal/informal briefs• Conducted scheduled and surprise Quality Assurance/Quality Control inspections validating contract fulfillment and Soldier safety compliance during construction of mobile communications equipment and support facilities• Coordinated infrastructure development requirements for IT related operational support for Florida Army National Guard units managing a yearly implementation and operational budget of $3M-$6M resulting in notable systemic network, voice, and video communications upgrades each of 8 fiscal years, supporting over 3000 daily users• Developed business cases for network and telecommunications upgrades based on problem analysis and system performance resulting in receipt of funding for implementation, operation, and maintenance of Florida National Guard converged communications systems, including systemic hardware and software upgrades, software patches, and security enhancements for base and mobile systemsWORK EXPERIENCEMBA StudentKeller Graduate School of Management - August 2013 to PresentResearcher and full time student, presently enrolled in Masters of Business Administration (MBA) Program and working towards future Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification.Learning and applying skills in the areas of research, analysis, communications, and presentation.US Army Engineer OfficerUS Army - Fort Jackson, SC - February 2013 to July 2013Fort Jackson, South Carolina Conducted post-deployment and pre-retirement activities; administrative, medical, and equipment out-processing.Deputy Director of SafetyUS Army Central Command (USARCENT) - Shaw AFB, SC - April 2012 to February 2013￼Lieutenant Colonel - LTC)• Developed a comprehensive safety strategy for the USARCENT Kuwait, Safety Office, managed safety awareness projects and educational campaigns engaging leadership at all levels enforcing safety standards and practices. Developing best practices and equipment safety engineering.• Synchronized safety efforts through a Safety Council, providing change initiatives and goals, managed safety projects and inspections in USARCENT area of responsibility covering 20 countries in five time-zones.• Improved data collection and local analysis resulting in immediate mitigation strategies setting the basis for future targeted accident reduction projects. Analyzed and collected accident data, developing and distributing comparison analysis for 35 dispersed commands to coordinate proactive safety business management.Deputy Director of Safety, United States Forces-Afghanistan, Kabul, Afghanistan Safety DirectorUS Army - United States Forces Afghanistan (USFOR-A) - August 2009 to January 2012(August 2009 -January 2012) Deputy Director of Safety, United States Forces-Afghanistan, Kabul, Afghanistan Safety Director (8/2010-2/2011) and Deputy Director (9/2009-7/2010 & 3/2011-11/2011) for United States Forces - Afghanistan. (Lieutenant Colonel - LTC)• Coordinated with each service safety centers for accident reporting, investigation, trend analysis, developing theater specific tactics, techniques and procedures minimizing exposure to hazards. Participated and led project development teams supporting command integration and management of safety business goals.• Directed the planning, program development, implementation, and coordination of resources, program analysis, evaluation, and supervision of the Afghanistan-wide Operational Safety Program.• Managed and led successful change effort at the US Joint Headquarters theater level safety office and 5 remote subordinate safety offices in Afghanistan. Coordinated, executed, analyzed, and recommended accident investigation approval by Army Headquarters General Officer and Safety Center submission and acceptance.• Provided routine business case analysis and planning for program development based on operational trends.• As a change agent, coordinated directly with ISAF/NATO safety counterparts and Coalition Force safety elements synchronizing the overall joint safety program. Collaborated with multi-national forces ensuring mutually supportive synergistic safety projects based on problem analysis and research.Independent Consultant (ESSCO/Wolf Coach)L3 Company - September 2008 to May 2009• Teamed with business manager to win major contract with the Air National Guard valued at over $1M.• Executed business analysis and research through data mining and problem analysis to forecast potential sales targets for emergency operations communications business expansion.• Conducted research projects for senior Wolf Coach and L3 Management providing written reports and briefings.Chief, Information Management Branch/Deputy CIOFlorida National Guard - Deputy Chief of Staff, Information Management (DCSIM) - Saint Augustine, FL - August 2003 to August 2008(Dual Service Federal Employee - Major / GS-2210-13)• Coordinated all technology management requirements for operational support required by the State Headquarters (1300+/- customers) and all units of the FLARNG in 58 locations. Managed overall technology change project activities of the Information Management Branch, the Systems Support Branch, the Services Branch, and operations of the Computer Emergency Response Team.• Managed overall tactical communications support operations during multiple hurricanes, fires, and other natural disasters as FL guard troops deployed in recovery efforts in FL, LA, and MS.• Orchestrated life cycle hardware and software upgrades managing a budget of $3M-$6M yearly. Executed infrastructure upgrades and supported multiple natural disaster operations while always exceeding 99.99% operational readiness.• Oversaw development of business case analysis resulting design of 4 new facilities with 2 funded, constructed, and occupied during my tenure resulting in significant increase in reliability and capability across the communications spectrum supporting long range business communications operational needs.Telecommunications ManagerFlorida National Guard, Directorate of Information Management (DOIM) - Saint Augustine, FL - July 2000 to July 2003(Dual Service Federal Employee - Major / GS-0391-12)• Led change implementation while managing technology projects, leading a team of 12 implementing critical communications infrastructure upgrades in VOIP technology and automated least cost routing, with operational cost reduction of approximately 60% and improved network performance with over 150% increase in bandwidth.• Coordinated all communications operations, technology projects, and long range planning internal and external to the Deputy Chief of Staff, Information Management executing a budget of $1.5M-$3M annually.• Implemented change in system-wide IT projects based on trends analysis, cost reduction, and performance assessment including replacement/upgrade of phone systems and converged data routers at over 30 locations.• Led all IT support projects of the Information Management, Services Support, and Info Systems Branches at Camp Blanding, Florida supporting over 400 full-time personnel and surge capability up to 5,000 personnel.EDUCATIONGraduate Certificate in Project ManagementKeller Graduate School of Management 2015Master of Business Administration (MBA) in Project Management SystemsLeadership & Organizational Behavior Managerial Applications of Technology 2015Bachelor's in Business AdministrationColumbia College - Jacksonville, FLAssociate in General StudiesFlorida Community College at Jacksonville - Jacksonville, FLSKILLSProject Management, Operations Management, Leadership Development, Operations Analyst, Environmental Assessment, Change Agent, Team Building, Documentation, Flexibility, Risk Analysis, Effective Communication, Microsoft Office, Engineer Officer, Environmental & Safety OfficerLINKS http://secureresume.welcomehomeresumes.org/resume.php?token=jg2bxtq3 https://www.linkedin.com/pub/myron-%22scott%22-van-zant/9/b22/52ADDITIONAL INFORMATION KEY SKILLSProject Management, Operations Management, Leadership Development, Operations Analyst, Environmental Assessment, Change Agent, Team Building, Documentation, Flexibility, Risk Analysis, Effective Communication, Microsoft Office, Engineer Officer, Environmental & Safety Officer￼￼