Stephen MagoSenior Lecturer and Lead Specialist - MBA Programme- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Stephen-Mago/f3303b01b8bc19c6WORK EXPERIENCESenior Lecturer and Lead SpecialistMBA Programme - 2013 to PresentFaculty of Commerce; GreatZimbabwe University. Modules taught: Applied Research Methodology, Business In Context, Corporate Strategy, The Practice of Management, Management and1Organisational Behaviour, Corporate Governance, Strategic Corporate Governance, Internal Control Systems.Lecturer & then Senior Lecturer of Development StudiesUniversity of Fort Hare - 2008 to 2013South Africa)Modules Taught: International Economic System, African Political Economy, Development Strategies Undergraduate and Research Methodology(Social Statistics) PostgraduateCommissionedMago Stephen and Ngalo Mthembu - 2012 to 2012by the Institute for Cooperatives Development (IfCD). University of Fort Hare, South Africa. Eastern Cape Province.9Administration Leadership and Management AcademyPALAMA - Costa, UK - 2012 to 2012Module developed on behalf of the Public Service Finance Agency (PFSA) of the University of Fort Hare. Commissioned byPublic Administration Leadership and Management Academy (PALAMA), South Africa,Pretoria.Course Development1. Developed a Business In Context(BIC) course outline MBA Progamme for Great Zimbabwe University, Faculty of Management and Commerce2. Developed a Corporate Strategy course outline MBA Progamme for Great Zimbabwe University, Faculty of Management and Commerce.3. Developed a Applied Research Methodology course outline MCom Accounting Programme for Great Zimbabwe University.4. Developed a Masters in Development Finance programme for the Faculty of Commerce-Great Zimbabwe University.OTHER EXPERIENCES￼Postgraduate Research CoordinatorNational Youth Development Agency - December 2010 to February 2011Coordinates postgraduate research in the department.5. Project Manager: Leading a team that is carrying out an evaluation of Umsobombvu Youth (nowNational Youth Development Agency) projects in the Eastern Cape.6. Leading a Parallel Commission on "Financing Models for the Sustained Growth of the Co- operatives Sector" 7. Research Supervisor: Supervising a team of researchers on "Eastern Cape Province Co-operatives Verification process" by the Institute for Co-operative Development under the leadership ofProfessor Sipho Buthelezi.Mago Stephen - 2011 to 20112011. "Financing Models for the Sustained Growth of the Co-operativesSector". Commissioned by Institute for Cooperative Development(IfCD). University of FortHare. South Africa. Eastern Cape Province.3. Mago Stephen. 2011. Partial Report on "The Verification of Cooperatives in the Eastern Cape Province". Report submitted to the Institute for Cooperative Development (University of Fort Hare-Bisho Campus).ActingUniversity of Fort Hare - October 2009 to November 2009 and October toCommissioned by National YouthStanley(Enumerator) - Stanley, NC - 2009 to 20092009. "The Evaluation of Lubisi Youth Development Project in InstikhaYethu Municipality of the Eastern Cape Province." Commissioned by National Youth Development Agency (NYDA). Pretoria. South Africa.Lecturer at Zimbabwe Open University in the Faculty of Law, Management and CommerceZimbabwe Open University - 2003 to 2007Modules taught: Economic Principles, Labor Economics, Industrial Relations, E-Marketing & Business Statistics B Com LevelBusiness and Its Environment & Management Information Systems Masters LevelPart-time Lecturer of EconomicsMasvingo Polytechnic - 1994 to 2006 College.1. Mago Stephen (Research Manager), Garikayi Peter(Research Assistant) and MampanaTeam Leader-WorkshopCredit Against Poverty - January 1993 to 2004CAP)-Masvingo. CAP is a Microfinance Institution thatreceived seed funding from the Grameen Bank of Bangladesh. The organisation was also working with Co- operative Financial Institutions (CFIs)2. Team Leader-Workshop on Financial Analysis for Microfinance Institutions(August 2001).Facilitated by SAMCAF(Southern African Microfinance Capacity Building Facility)Operations ManagerGreenstrod Trading Zimbabwe - 2002 to 2003Administration OfficerDelta Corporation- Zimbabwe - 1997 to 2002 Managerial Position (Delta Corporation- Zimbabwe)Senior Lecturer of EconomicsMasvingo Polytechnic College, Zimbabwe - 1995 to 1997Subjectstaught: Economic Principles, Managerial Economics Transport Economics and Labour Economics.Teacher of Commercial subjectsMinistry of Education and Culture - 1991 to 1994 Zimbabwe.EDUCATIONMBA in Business AdministrationZimbabwe Open University 2002 to 2004MBA in BusinessUniversity of Zimbabwe 1989 to 1991ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONQualifications: PhD Social Science in Development Studies(Development Finance & Entrepreneurship) (University of Fort Hare-RSA-2011)Master of Business Administration (Zimbabwe Open University- 2004),BSc Economics Honours (University of Zimbabwe-1991)Current Position: Senior Lecturer-Faculty of Commerce(Great Zimbabwe University)OTHER QUALIFICATIONS1. Postgraduate Diploma in Higher Education and Training(PGHET)-University of Fort Hare-RSA 2. Institute of Administration and Commerce (CIS) modules passed: Commercial Law, Communication, Principles of Marketing, Economics, Quantitative Methods3. Certificate in Supervisory Management with Zimbabwe Institute of Management (ZIM)4. In-service training certificates awarded by Mandel Training Centre (Delta Corporation) in the following courses:2Action Centered Leadership, Personal Effectiveness, Managing Industrial Relations, Problem Solving & Management and Time ManagementMODULES I AM ABLE TO TEACHInternational Finance and Trade Systems, Multilateral Institutions and Integration in Africa, African Political Economy, Development Planning and Strategies, Research Methodologies and Statistical packages (SPSS,andExcel) , Microfinance and Entrepreneurship. I addition, I can also teach Economics, International Economics, Economics, Business Studies, Financial Management, Marketing Management, Business In Context, Corporate Strategy, Strategic Management, Development Finance, Local Economic Development Resource Mobilisation for Development, Development Economics, Migration and Development, Ethics and Development, Public Finance Resources and Transformation Training and Community Capacity Building, and Strategic Management Techniques.RESEARCH SUPERVISION EXPERIENCE NB- SEE APPENDIX FOR LIST OF STUDENTS:1. 16x Honours students graduated (Mini- dissertations).2. 14x Masters Students graduated, 5 x graduating in May 2015 , and 10 x current Masters and 2x PhD Students as Supervisor and 4x PhD Student as Co-supervisor3. An external supervisor: University of Stellenbosch, School of Business Management-The Masters of Development Finance (MDevF) Programme.4. External Supervisor and Part-time Block Lecturer Masters in Development Studies programme: Midlands State University (Zimbabwe). Modules taught: Development Finance, Development Management.5. Was a Block Lecturer at Great Zimbabwe University (Zimbabwe) MBA Programme before joining the institution. Modules taught: Business in Context and Corporate Strategy.EXTERNALISATION EXPERIENCE1. An external examiner: University of Zululand, Development Studies department.2. An external examiner: Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University (NMMU), Development Studies Department (MA Development Studies) and Management & Commerce (MBA Students). 3. An external examiner: University of Venda, Development Studies Department.4. An external examiner: University of Venda, Institute for Rural Development(IRD).5. An external examiner: University of Free State, Development Studies Department.6. Part-time Lecturer-University of Zimbabwe-Department of Education(Teaching Pedagogics in Business Modules)(2015--)SUPERVISORY LINKED BURSARIES RECEIVED1. Successfully applied for supervisor linked bursaries to support my research students:o Honours Bursaries awarded by Govani Mbeki Research Centre to date-5 at R15 000 each. o Masters Bursaries awarded by Govani Mbeki Research Centre to date-3 at R20 000