Ted WeilProduct Marketing Manager - Applause, IncCumberland, RI - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ted-Weil/20ec673ebe2260a3WORK EXPERIENCEProduct Marketing ManagerApplause, Inc - Framingham, MA - March 2014 to February 2015Framingham, MA; March 2014 to February 2015 (11 months)A digital experience quality company that offers crowd-sourced QA testing services as well as SaaS solutions, all to help software and hardware developers deliver the best digital experiences possible to their customers.Product Marketing ManagerProduct Marketing Highlights:• Authored marketing requirements for Applause's mobile beta management solution while workingdirectly with product and engineering teams to define and execute the go-to-market strategy(launched December 2014). The beta management solution is expected to be a significantcontributor to helping SaaS solutions reach the target goal of driving 33% of total revenue in 2015. • Redesigned marketing assets and sales enablement training for non-functional testing services.My work contributed to exceeding $1M of non-functional testing sales in Q3 2014 - a first in the history of the company.• Built marketing/product sync workflows, and introduced development and release processes across four separate product teams (based in Seattle, Framingham, Israel, and Poland,respectively).• Built the Applause online helpdesk (help.applause.com), authoring support articles and otherneeded media. Based on user surveys, the helpdesk contributed to a 10 point CSAT increase from Q2 2014 to Q4 2014.MarComm Highlights:• Authored multiple white papers, one-pagers, info sheets, sales decks, product demo videos and other collateral and media assets.• Regularly reviewed sales-produced collateral and assets to make sure sales materials are on message and on brand.• Instrumented product release messaging to customers which, based on user surveys, contributedto a 10 point CSAT increase from Q2 2014 to Q4 2014.Client Services/Delivery Highlights:• Assigned to work with a new major Enterprise channel sales partner to aid with onboarding and training. Have exceeded SLA requirements, which directly contributed to faster client ramp times and increased customer satisfaction.• Authored user manuals and 'Quick Start Guides' for each of Applause's software products.• Worked directly with the Delivery team to instrument an online support ticketing system. This hasenabled Delivery and Support teams to meet their SLA and CSAT goals quarter over quarter.Additional Work ExperienceExtensive experience in market and product research and strategic product development in B2B and B2C environments • Drove alignment across business and engineering teams • Developed and released new￼products and features to market • Coordinated internal and external development and production teams in client-facing, deadline intensive settings • Developed and managed strategic cross-channel marcomm initiatives • Professional media production including copywriting, audio recording and production, video editing and production, original music composition and arranging • PowerPoint/presentation development, and other digital and print asset and collateral production • Coordination and management of clientservice and support programs to meet conversion, retention and marketing goals • Product expert and product documentation author • Salesforce and SugarCRM administration including systems integration,customer activity tracking, pipeline development, and report generation.Work HistoryDirector of Product and Client ServicesMoFuse, Inc - 2012 to 2013 1 year, 7 months)Product Marketing ManagerAndera, Inc - 2010 to 2011 1 year, 4 months)Multimedia Production ManagerBZ Results/ADP - 2004 to 2008 3 years, 9 months)Product Marketing ManagerBitHeadz, Inc - 2001 to 2004 3 years)Senior Product SpecialistMark of the Unicorn, Inc - 2000 to 2001 1 year)Teacher's Aide, Special EducationSomerville High - 1999 to 2000 1 year, 3 months)ManagerPro Audio Department - 1998 to 1999 Daddy's Junky Music (1 year)Manager, Software Customer SupportVoyetra Turtle Beach, Inc - 1997 to 1998 1 year, 6 months)EDUCATIONMBA in MarketingUniversity of Rhode Island - Providence, RI 2013B.A. in MusicColby College - Waterville, ME 1997ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnical Skills• Proficient with MacOS X, Windows• General Office/Web: MS Office Suite, WordPress, Joomla• CRM/CSM: salesforce.com, SugarCRM, ZenDesk, Zopim, LivePerson• Marketing Platforms: Marketo, HubSpot, Zoho, ConstantContact, SendGrid, iContact, MailChimp, Wistia• Product Design: Mockflow, Balsamiq• Project Management: MANTIS, JIRA, Trello• Digital Audio and Video Production Software: Logic Pro, Digital Performer, ProTools, Peak, Final Cut Pro, Motion, Photoshop.• Music and Audio Production Hardware: Proficient with digital and analog signal processing and recording devices, outboard multi-channel mixers, and microphone use.