Tia Conner, MBABusiness Development, Account Manger, Marketing Specialist, Event Planner, Sales RepresentativeRaleigh, NC - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/7f5782c5e1368a8dResults-driven professional with over 10 years of combined experience in relationship management, product marketing/sales, and client services, in addition to account management. Exceptional creativity and ability to identify opportunities for revenue generation and strategic partnerships. An innovative problem-solver with an ability to understand the needs of an organization and deliver results. Exceptional leadership and management skills have been demonstrated in a consistency to receive fast-track promotions.Core Competencies:• Account Management• Event Planning• Collaborative Teamwork • Revenue Generation• Public Relations• Strategic Planning• Relationship Development • Product Marketing• Project Management• Effective Sales Techniques • Training/Supervising Staff • Time ManagementSoftware/Technical Proficiency: MS Office: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Access, Publisher; Adobe AcrobatWORK EXPERIENCEProduct Specialist/ Corporate Marketing RepresentativeNissan - Raleigh, NC - 2010 to PresentMedia-trained corporate narrator representing Nissan at auto shows, marketing events, and media appearances across the US.• Presenting thought-leading marketing content for media events and other outlets.• Writing and improvising narration content based on the needs of the consumers/audience.• Supporting and assisting Nissan corporate executives on Auto Show Press Days.• Speaking to the television, radio, print, and internet media concerning Nissan's vehicles.• Market and soft-sell to consumers on products that are appealing to the consumer.• Define buyers, user personas and determine market messages to deliver.• Act as a liaison between consumer and corporate by providing consumer feedback on products.• Identify best opportunities for sales lead generation.• Train and evaluate New Hires on a one-on-one basis to gain better understanding of individual training and developmental needs.• Exemplify A+ quality consumer and corporate engagement.￼Client Services SpecialistEthan Allen, Inc - Arlington, VA - 2008 to 2011Greeted all visitors and guests upon entering Design Center and provides appropriate assistance.• Used the language of design and home furnishings to assist clients in getting oriented to the store.• Generated daily and weekly sales reports.• Assisted design consultants and design center manager with general administrative and clerical duties. • Organized client project information.• Maintained accurate client files.National Accounts SpecialistStrayer University - Newington, VA - 2006 to 2010Maintain clear understanding of client objectives and organizational structure within Business Development. • Manage operational and capital expenditures and ensure accurate budget tracking.• Educate prospective corporate alliance students about benefits of receiving higher education.• Strategically identify new opportunities to generate interest within new and existing corporate alliances.• Track and analyze key industry and company trends on a quarterly basis.• Proven track record for strategic and operational experience in all relevant communications tools.• Collaborate with marketing department to create promotional marketing materials for upcoming events or announcing new corporate alliances.• Coordinate and manage outreach events and evaluate their effectiveness.• Promote and conduct virtual meetings and teleconferences with existing corporate accounts.• Serve as a direct point of contact between corporate clients and business development team.Sales AssistantSchumacher Homes - Durham, NC - 2006 to 2006• Support New Home Sales Consultant with sales of homes.• Serve as a liaison between the customer, sales department, and production department. • Facilitate accurate records of homes sold on a monthly basis.• Analyze client data to ensure accuracy and completeness.• Maintain accurate CRM database.Loan ProcessorFamily First Mortgage - Morrisville, NC - 2005 to 2006Reviewed residential loan application to verify application data is complete and accurate.• Recommended loans not meeting establishment standards are denied.• Submitted mortgage loan application file for underwriting approval.• Recorded data on loan status including number of new applications, loans approved, loans canceled, and loans denied.• Analyze client data to ensure accuracy and completenessLoan ProcessorMortgage Research Corporation - Durham, NC - March 2004 to January 2005ResponsibilitiesFamily First Mortgage - Morrisville, NC2005 to 2006Reviewed residential loan application to verify application data is complete and accurate. • Recommended loans not meeting establishment standards are denied.• Submitted mortgage loan application file for underwriting approval.• Recorded data on loan status including number of new applications, loans approved, loans canceled, and loans denied.• Analyze client data to ensure accuracy and completenessEDUCATIONMBA in ManagementStrayer University - Woodbridge, VA 2009BS in Business AdministrationVirginia State University - Petersburg, VA 2003