Yan (Lily) Zhang FinanceLos Angeles, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Yan-(Lily)-Zhang/aca604ec9e94a280WORK EXPERIENCEAdvisory Performance Improvement Finance MBA InternEY - Los Angeles, CA - June 2014 to August 2014Consulted client in media & entertainment industry on finance transformation and share service center planning, identifyingbusiness improvement opportunities.• Drove and actively supported Budget, Planning and Forecast process, engaged in client's workshops to developexpertise in this process and devise innovative ideas; generated BPF as-is validation and to-be design, presenting the feasibility of developing a finance share service center outside the U.S. to project management office.• Designed and delivered process and people impact assessment models; consolidated and analyzed activities from 10 processes through 8 different line of businesses, managing and sustaining organization and technology change.• Collaborated with 4 interns to research EY competency and sector offerings; presented findings and recommendations to leadership, highlighting the opportunities for EY to grow and expand client services.Financial AnalystUnited Technologies - UTC Climate, Controls & Security - Singapore - 2011 to 2012Completed 3-year financial rotational program through multiple divisions, leading finance teams in Brunei, Singapore,Thailand, Malaysia, Vietnam and Guam, providing comprehensive financial analysis to Southeast Asia regionalmanagement.• Reviewed and challenged actual results versus forecast analysis across 15 operating sites in 7 countries, consolidated and presented results to regional senior leadership, enabling executives to incorporate this into monthly and annual business planning process.• Assisted with the integration of two United Technologies companies, Carrier and UTC Fire and Securities by moving both companies to a unified finance system.Financial AnalystUnited Technologies - Yileng Carrier Air Conditioning Equipment Company - 2010 to 2011Performed budgeting and analysis in support of the company's mission; directed, monitored and measured the reliability of financial reporting and identified opportunities for financial improvement.• Selected by CFO to lead the cross-functional team to accomplish tax saving projects and facilitate more than $2million savings.• Partnered with functional leaders to leverage financial modeling and analysis tools for decision-making on the feasibility of investing fixed assets, ensuring that financial planning was in line with capacity.• Managed risks in accordance with Sarbanes Code, ensuring company operated under proper standards.Costing Analyst￼United Technologies - Carrier Accounting Shared Service Center - 2009 to 2010Led the China costing team serviced China aftermarket business, successfully managing costing affairs monthly.• Maintained entries and accounting reconciliation, clearing long-aged items to improve profit margin by 2%.EDUCATIONMaster of Business Administration in Finance and AccountingUniversity of Southern California, Marshall School of Business - Los Angeles, CA 2013 to 2015SKILLSAdvanced Microsoft Excel / PowerPoint / Visio, Hyperion, SAS, and Enterprise Systems, Candidate for Certified General Accountant of Canada