Yewande Akin, MBA, CAPM A Dynamic Project ManagerHouston, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/b6f96bed4486bcfdA Dynamic Project Manager looking for a great job opportunity to provide Quality, Productivity, and Equitable solutions to business processes. 5yrs of business experience gathered from Marketing, Media and Logistics (E-business & Freight Management) industries.Professional goals: Looking for a job opportunity to diversify my Project experience, Business and analytical skills in Logistics, Oil & Gas and Energy Sector.Areas of Expertise: Project Management, Business analysis, Program development, Process Improvement, Risk Management, Strategy & Operations, Business Performance Measurement and Quality Assurance. Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEProject ManagerFISERV - Houston, TX - January 2013 to Present〓 Provide project planning and oversight for healthcare enrollment division and manage operations requests from optimizing existing process to modifying logos, messaging, various reporting changes and other related initiatives.〓 Collaborate with teams nationwide in providing healthcare solutions for Humana, Horizon, HCSC, Hallmark, Regence, Cigna, etc. with open enrollments and oversee request changes including redevelopment of solutions for mobile applications, etc〓 Manage operational requests including vendor changes and serve as PM in coordinate assets, assignments, and execution for large and complex technology project oversight including a healthcare spending amount. 〓 Oversee various projects including TC10 migration - switching the application to use a better version of ThinCard which generates documents and files to a higher quality solution—saving up to $1MM in expenditures.Project ManagerPMI Houston Chapter - Houston, TX - January 2012 to Present〓 Co-manages development and awareness of PMI and the PMI Houston Chapter’s mission, vision, and objectives to schools and colleges in Houston local area.〓 Proactively manages changes in the project scope, identifies potential crises, and defines project success criteria.〓 Develops full project plans, including program implementation in collaboration with faculty, and support research efforts.Project Manager - AccountingRTUI - Houston, TX - August 2010 to Present〓 Proactively manages projects with multiple business accounts, determines and monitors Cost over-run & under-run.〓 Manages and monitors project scope, budget and spending strictly according to contract’s requirements on timely basis.￼〓 Provides account analysis, auditable financial records suitable for managerial reporting to support the Controller’s function.〓 Manage project deliverables and strategies from order through quick turnaround.Customer Service Support SpecialistCEVA LOGISTICS - Memphis, TN - April 2007 to March 2008〓 Expeditor on special projects that involved global client delivery of purchased orders in a timely fashion. 〓 Effectively tracked batches of inbound global and domestic freight from shipping and receiving.〓 Facilitated faster client resolution times for reported issues with utilization of a proactive status tracking spreadsheet that significantly improved internal control initiatives.EDUCATIONProject Management Training in Project ManagementPM Campus 2012 to 2012CAPM in Project ManagementPMI 2012MBA in Project Management in Project ManagementCapella UniversityBachelors degree of science in BiochemistryUniversity of Memphis - Memphis, TNAssociates of Science in Natural ScienceSouthwest Tennessee Community College - Memphis, TNSKILLSThinCard, ISIS (Document composition), WC3 (Web Client Control Center), DC5e, DC5, Focus, HP PPM, MS Project, Project Server, MS Office Suite, CRM, ERP, Business Analysis, Customer Relationship Management, Project Management, Project Planning & Execution, Business Analysis, Strategy & Operations, Quality Assurance, Budget Management, Vendor Management, Risk Management, SharePointLINKS http://www.linkedin.com/in/yewandeakincapmCERTIFICATIONSCAPMPMI Certification in Project ManagementGROUPSProject Management Institute, Houston ChapterProfessional Membership￼