Aaron ReevesNetwork Administrator - 5to50 NetworkingLeague City, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Aaron-Reeves/d14ec0ce0448fafbI want to join your company for the long run, using my knowledge and skills to better myself and your company.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork Administrator5to50 Networking - January 2012 to Presentfor over 100 clients at 5to50 networks before they were purchased by High Standards Technology in October of 2012.• Work as a network administrator and MSP for over 250 clients, using both remote support and onsite visits to perform all required technical assistance.• Maintain over 100 windows servers, and 50 "Datto" Linux BDRs. Regularly gain remote access to perform maintenance and resolve any issues.• Perform regular help desk support for over 200 Managed Clients, who pay us a monthly fee for unlimited IT support, and use us for every technical issue, big or small.• Used Connectwise PSA software to keep track of all aspects of the company. It is a ticketing system used for keeping track of service events, as well as having a database of customer information such as IP schemes, passwords, managed equipment and other important information. I was required to work all tickets assigned to me, keep all tickets up to date, input any acquired customer information into the databases and keep track of my weekly billable hours and expenses, submitting them each Monday.• Used LabTech, a remote monitoring and management tool to perform many kinds of remote assistance. We would install a "labtech agent" on every single one of our managed client's workstations and servers, which would then tie into connectwise and automatically generate tickets when issues would arise. We would also use LabTech to gain full remote access to a workstation or server, via either VNC or RDP. LabTech also allows me to see all of the currently installed hardware/software, running services/programs and even chat with the current user as a quick means of communication.• On-call via a work provided cell phone 24/7 to answer questions or respond to emergencies. Client downtime is incredibly important and we respond to all downtime as an "all hands on deck" emergency.• Used a company owned work vehicle to provide on-site support to our clients, following all laws of the road and never getting in an accident.• Perform full server configurations, installations and migrations. Performed over 30 different server migrations, mainly from server 2003 to 2008, or 2008 to 2012. Installed over 30 fresh servers into a previously workgroup controlled environment, transitioning all workstations to the domain and teaching end users what a server can do and how to use it.• Answer a work email address 24/7. Respond to any requests made by email, and keep track of all email correspondence at all times.• Worked with vendors such as Dell, Microsoft, Ingram Micro etc to provide quotes and order product for our clients, as well as keep track of warranties and perform RMA's on faulty equipment.Geek Squad CIABest Buy - March 2010 to January 2012Worked in Geek Squad as a CIA to perform all levels of home computer repair.• Followed strict procedures when receiving a computer for repair, including information collection, simple PC diagnostics and approximate cost quoted up front.￼• Repaired 30-50 computers per week, performing hardware diagnostics, software troubleshooting, OS upgrades/reinstallations, virus removals and presetting up new PCs for sale with basic software and customizations for new users.• Occasionally went onsite to perform in-home PC repairs. I would look at the machine and determine the best course of action, and quote the customer in home before returning to the store to purchase replacement hardware or performing any software based repairs while on site.• Would help the PC sales department when busy by helping customers make informed decisions when purchasing new computers or related hardware such a printers and routers.• Helped keep a neat and clean work area. Helped keep all of the computers currently in for repair neat clean, organized and with all of the proper documentation.• Would help resolve any negative customer interactions and regularly dealt with frustrated, angry customers due to no fault on our end. I would do everything in my power to make the customer happy and provide a positive experience.Lead Easy TechStaples - September 2009 to March 2010Worked in a friendly retail environment to provide customers with an excellent shopping experience.• Used my knowledge of computers and operating systems to diagnose, repair and maintain personal computer systems. We did all basic workstation computer repairs, from "PC tune ups" to full hardware diagnostics and replacement. Very similar to "Geek Squad" but a bit smaller in scale.• Sold extended service plans and easy tech services to customers, using the EASY sales approach to close the sale.• Was in the top 5 highest combined sales YTD for most of the fiscal year for the Houston area.• One of the top producers in the Webster staples store, averaging over three thousand dollars in combined sales per month.• Employee of the month for July.• Used my inventive personality to come up with new and efficient ways to do everyday tasks easier.• Helped train and coach new associates on how to use the register, sell service plans and show the customer the EASY way!Sales AssociateRadioshack - June 2008 to May 2009Worked in a fast paced retail environment, selling cell phones, electronics and toys while keeping the store neat and clean.• I worked for commission as well as a base hourly rate, and was encouraged to sell as many cell phones as possible.• I was encouraged to upsell and accessory attach as well as ring up customers at a cash register using the POS system.• Regularly used the Sprint "SNAP" system and the AT&T PDC2 system to edit, create and upgrade customers accounts, while conforming to the guidelines set by the carrier to ensure customer safety and comfortability.Communications Technician IIIComcast Cable Corp - August 2007 to June 2008Was assigned a company vehicle, which I kept maintained and fueled, and went straight to customers houses from my house without direct supervision on time, every day.• Worked directly with customers inside their house, keeping a professional and upbeat attitude while taking complaints and fixing any problems the customer has with their service before i leave.• Worked outside in a customers yard with underground fiber optics, coaxial cables, and twisted-pair phone lines.• Also worked in higher areas with aerial cable as high as 30 feet in the air, sometimes spanning over a currently active road.• Made detailed work reports entailing all job duties performed at each job, as well as time and location. Customer bills were based off of this report so accuracy was very important.Customer Service RepresentativeMetro Transit Authority - March 2007 to August 2007Worked in the Lost & Found department at the Metro downtown operations headquarters, as well as the RideStore at both locations.• Worked with a computer at a window with the public while taking calls over a phone for lost & found as well as information and customer service issues.• Also was in charge of counting inventory, handling cash, credit cards and checks (in an electronic check machine) in the RideStore, while taking calls.• Received shipments (by courier) daily. Followed strict procedures with the tamper-proof bags and their contents, unloaded the shipments and then inspected and recorded each item in a detailed computer database.• Was responsible for categorizing and storing lost articles in a storeroom, and the valuables in a safe while recording all items taken and input into it.Outsourced to Verizon's "Voicewing" Project as Customer Service RepresentativeACS - July 2006 to February 2007Took phone calls on a headset for both technical repair and customer service.• Fully helped all customers and filed light paperwork regarding any unresolved issues• Moved from CSR to Technical Repair agent in record time, 2 weeks• Fixed moderate to advanced technical issues dealing with networks and VOIP (Voice over internet protocol) • Resolved Billing issues regarding credit cards, payments and customers accounts• Accessed customers accounts over a computer while speaking with them over the phoneADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkillsGreat with computers, 75 WPMGreat musicianOutgoing people personSpeaking skillsQuick learner: I can be good at anything in no time