Abdul L Web/UI DeveloperIndianapolis, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Abdul-L/a5fea315db6be571* 7 years of extensive work experience in developing web applications covering front-end/UI using the web technologies like HTML4/5, XHTML, CSS2/3, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, JSON, XML and AJAX.* Proficient in developing web page quickly and effectively using, HTML 5, CSS3 and also experience in making web pages which are cross browser compatible and device independent using Bootstrap.* Good experience with developing applications with extensive server calls using AJAX and strong hold in handling the server data and exceptions to provide interactive user experience.* Expertise in debugging and troubleshooting existing code using Firebug and Developer Tools.* Good experience in developing Backend services in Java, PHP and NodeJS.* Familiar with working on different Databases available like MySQL, Oracle and Informix. Experience in writing complex nested and co related queries in SQL.* Worked in various software methodologies such as Waterfall, Agile, Scrum-Agile, JAD and RAD.* Experience on working with CSS frameworks and coming up with Web pages which meet the Product designers requirements in short time periods.* Worked with various JavaScript extensions and frameworks such as Extension JS, Backbone, Angular, MVC and Require.JS.* Have strong hold of Test Driven Development and comfortable in writing unit test cases for Java as well as javascript code using Junits and Karma.* Experience in Backbone.js as an MVC pattern and used require.js for AMD loading.* Developed several innovative ways of Graphical User Interface (GUI) to display report data using jQuery with Web application Scaling* Excellent Knowledge of analyzing the User Experience with Google analytics and Server side logs.* Work experience with MVC JavaScript Frameworks like Angular JS for fast paced web development and better functionality and data independence.* Worked together with the client community and the IT professionals to deliver quality, efficient and cost- effective software that meets the needs of the corporation, at the time of implementation.* Solid knowledge of usability, accessibility and cross browser issues which involves making web pages accessible to blind people.* Expertise in version control tools like GIT, SVN and Perforce to manage and control software development. * Excellent communication skills, strong analytical & logical abilities in Business Analysis and Technical documentation.* Excellent Documentation skills and going through User Documents and creating wireframes and incorporate client feedback.* Ability to effectively communicate conceptual ideas, translate business requirements into interactive web applications.* Excellent skills in relationship management with clients and effective in guiding team during the project development life cycle and deliver the product within time, cost and quality.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperSallie Mae - Indianapolis, IN - April 2014 to PresentResponsibilities:* Extensively used Core Spring Framework for Dependency Injections of components.￼* Used Hibernate as data mapping and persistence framework to implement data access abstraction.* Developed the application using Struts Framework which is based on the MVC design pattern.* Used JQuery to make the frontend components interact with the Javascript functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side.* Created frontend using EXTJS framework.* Developed web applications using Spring MVC, JQuery, HTML5, Bootstrap* Created of interface to manage user menu and Bulk update of Attributes using JS, EXTJS and JQUERY* Developed web presentation layer using jQuery, HTML and CSS according to internal standards and guidelines.* Implemented Ajax with JQuery to refresh results from Ajax page.* Designed and developed user interfaces using JSP, HTML, JSON, JQuery and CSS* Used Dojo for the client side development and validations* Developed the UI panels using JSF, XHTML, CSS, DOJO and JQuery.* Worked on front-end validation through JavaScript and back-end validation using Spring Validation Classes * Designed and implemented Java engine and API to perform direct calls from font-end JavaScript, ExtJS to server-side Java methods.* Wrote stored procedures in Oracle PL/SQL for data entry and retrieval* Worked in RDBMS implementation using SOAP, SQL, PL/SQL, MySQL on Oracle database.* Implemented the Connectivity to the Data Base Server Using JDBC.* Created web GUI: pages, tables and charts using GWT (Google Web Toolkit), java Free chart library using MVC pattern* Developed automation test cases using Java and selenium on Eclipse for web 2.0 Ajax application.Environment: Java, J2EE, Spring, Hibernate, Struts, Jquery, Ajax, Javascript, Node.Js, Angular.Js, Bootstrap, Backbone.js, Oracle, Crud, Pl/Sql, Jdbc, Apache Cxf, Rest, Eclipse, Subversion (SVN), Mongo DB, Coherence, Junit, Agile, Uml, Jsp, Jstl (Java Server Pages standard Tag Library), Servlet, Maven, Google Web Kit (Gwt), Jasper Report, Web 2.0, Soa.Web DeveloperPayPal - Phoenix, AZ - November 2011 to March 2014Responsibilities:* Worked in a team, Involved in developing the UI, layout and front-end programming (HTML) for web application that matches the business requirements.* Coordination in project activities and ensure that all project phases are followed and documented properly. * Designed the front-end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, and CSS.* Extensively involved in design discussions and user experience sessions to provide inputs on the layout and UX.* Developed non-functional HTML, CSS pages from the mock ups and involved in UI review with UI architect and Business Units.* Developed GUI using JavaScript, HTML/HTML5, DOM, AJAX, CSS3 and jQuery in ongoing projects.* Converted the mock-ups into hand-written HTML, CSS (2/3), JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX and JSON.* Developed UI using AngularJS for rich user interaction.* Improved user experience by designing and creating new web components and features.* Did analysis and research about backbonejs and implemented prototype in backbonejs on the profile page module.* Involved in complete SDLC - Requirement Analysis, Development, System and Integration Testing.* Worked with Subversion for check-in and check-out unit code.* Managed application state using server and client-based State Management options.* Coded Java Script for page functionality and Light box plugins using jQuery.Environment: Eclipse, HTML5, CSS3, Angular JS, JavaScript, JQuery, JQuery UI AJAX and BackboneJS.UI DeveloperDHL - Phoenix, AZ - December 2010 to October 2011Responsibilities:* Involved in the requirement analysis and design phases to comprehend all technical assessments, and to participate in implementation with minimal errors.* Developing Signal page Applications using JavaScript framework such as angular-JS and Bootstrap.* Used the responsive utilities of the Bootstrap frameworks to facilitate the design displaying properly on different devices.* Developed a module in Which AJAX calls can be consumed by using the JQuery to get the data file in format of JSON.* Designed the front end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5, CSS and JavaScript.* Developed client side validation code using JavaScript and JQuery Validation Plugin.* Ensured compatibility for all major web browsers and plugins.* Integrated the Java code (API) in JSP pages.* Used CSS LESS pre compiler.* Utilized Agile/Scrum to manage development lifecycle.* Experienced using source control by SVN.* Ensured technical solutions properly architected and specified for quality assurance purposes. Provided technical leadership and assumed overall accountability for successful implementation phase on client projects * Analyzed technical design and enforced implementation, delivered interaction designs, templates and prototypes (wireframe/mockups), guided by user experience best practices.* Analyzed business requirements and composed Project Plan Documents.* Provided technical expertise to clients and IT management and staff.* Trained new staff of the web design knowledge and experience including semantic HTML, CSS, and JavaScript (JQuery).Environment: Angular.js, JavaScript, JavaScript UI, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, jQuery, JSP, JAVA, MVC, SVN, HTML, CSSWeb DesignerParamus, NJ - January 2010 to December 2010Responsibilities* Used HTML, DHTML, CSS, Dream weaver, JavaScript to develop frontend web pages* Involved in all SDLC phases Analysis, Design, Development, Testing and Deployment* Developed cross browser compatible HTML and CSS reusable templates and integrated the UI with the application.* Participated in bug fixing with QA team, which involved cross browser testing as well as load and performance checking* Kept track of different versions of files using VSS content management system, and uploaded the developed pages in accordance with the new standards.* Developed code to call the web service/APIs to fetch the data and populate on the UI using JQUERY/AJAX. * Actively used XML (documents and transformations) for creating templates with dynamic data from XML file* Using Google analytics reports, optimized the page load time for the pages that had heavy traffic and improvised those pages using CSS and fixed the issues for the pages with low traffic and high load time. This directly increased traffic & sales; which decreased maintenance and capital expenditures for department.Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax, JQUERY.Software Developer- July 2007 to December 2009Responsibilities* Used HTML, DHTML, CSS, Dream weaver, JavaScript to develop frontend web pages* Involved in all SDLC phases Analysis, Design, Development, Testing and Deployment* Developed cross browser compatible HTML and CSS reusable templates and integrated the UI with the application.* Participated in bug fixing with QA team, which involved cross browser testing as well as load and performance checking* Kept track of different versions of files using VSS content management system, and uploaded the developed pages in accordance with the new standards.* Actively used XML (documents and transformations) for creating templates with dynamic data from XML file * Developing online security services and solutions along with software development services.* Using Google analytics reports optimized the page load time for the pages that had heavy traffic and improvised those pages using CSS and fixed the issues for the pages with low traffic and high load time. This directly increased traffic & sales; which decreased maintenance and capital expenditures for department.Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax, JQUERY.ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Technical Skills:Web Technologies: HTML/ HTML5, DOM, DHTML, XHTML, Ext-JS , CSS3, JavaScript, Angular Java Script, jQuery, Bootstrap, Backbone, Ajax, JSON.Developer tools: EditPlus, JSfiddle, Webstrom, Tatastrom, Jasper Reports, Web matrix 3, Sublime text, Advanced REST ClientIDE's and Tools: Eclipse IDE, NetBean, Dreamweaver Firebug,JavaScript Libraries: JQuery , Ext JS , Backbone.js, underscore.js, Node.js, Angular.js.Servers: Apache Tomcat, Windows 2003/2000/NT/IIS.Development Tools: Maven, Git, Perforce, Splunk(monitoring). Jmeter(Performance)Operating systems: Linux, Mac OS X, WindowsFrond End Tools: CorelDraw -XI Dreamweaver CS5, FrontPage Wire frame, Adobe Photoshop CS5, Image Ready CS5 Fireworks, Adobe Captivate 3