Adam St. HilaireSoftware Developer - Boston Educational NetworkManchester, NH - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Adam-St-Hilaire/5a4fa1e0544b637eProfessional with 5+ years experience in telecommunications and information technology. Strengths in organization, written and oral communication, technology, troubleshooting, critical thinking, problem analysis, and customer service. Known for ability to multi-task and juggle multiple projects simultaneously, meeting all deadlines Thrives. in environments that constantly embrace new technologies.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperBoston Educational Network - Dover, NH - 2014 to PresentResponsible for maintaining, updating, and editing both financial aid and student management software as per team lab requirements and requests.• Frequently use Microsoft Visio to forward engineer Entities into both new and prior-existing database schemas.• Written C# code for 5 applications, including windows forms, ASP.net web forms, and ASP.net MVC.• Written over 10 stored procedures, and frequently utilize LINQ to access data through Entity Framework. • Responsible for checking and troubleshooting daily/weekly SQL server maintenance jobs as needed.• Responsible for checking in and versioning work using Tortious SVN.Web Developer for Belmont Police Department (internship)J.Jill Acquisitions - Belmont, NH - 2013 to 2014Periodically meet with police department contacts to change, modify and/or update the department website. • Developed secure web application and back-end database to automate updates for all police department staff.• Designed and developed database system using MySql, and MySql Workbench.• Migrate databases from development servers to productions servers.• Languages included in site are PHP, JavaScript/JQuery, MySql, HTML5, and CSS3.• Developed pages with viewable, cross-browser capabilities.Computer Operations/Help DeskJ.Jill Acquisitions - Tilton, NH - 2012 to 2014Tilton, NH 2012 - 2014Computer Operations• Play an integral role in communication information systems integrity and reliability in support of over 230 retail stores.• Promoted to assume additional responsibilities as Technical Advisor providing advanced guidance to Help Desk staff.• Escalate issues as needed and maintained communication with customer and Technical teams. Extensive utilization of SOMIX Ticketing System to record and track issues.• Earned dependable reputation for resolving complex issues and providing exceptional customer service.• Work independently evenings and weekends, providing sole support for J.Jill operations.• Utilize active directory to control access to SQL servers, and maintain accounts for over 100 users.• Responsible for reporting on monthly statistics on over 10 ticketing profiles.• Responsible for processing all general customer service requests.￼Computer Technical AdvisorUnited States Marine Corps - Camp Pendleton, CA - 2008 to 2011Performed routine maintenance on various types of telephony equipment, computer equipment, and printers. Performed software and mechanical upgrades.• Diagnosed, tested, and repaired networking equipment by following electronic repair procedures and schematics.• Thoroughly updated equipment repair orders to ensure accurate reporting of all dead lined/degraded equipment.• Handled the responsibility of repairing/calibrating test equipment per Marine Corps Orders.• Investigated and resolved computer software and hardware problems.• Replaced and upgraded motherboards, CD-ROMs, hard drives, and peripherals.EDUCATIONAssociates in Computer ScienceLakes Region Community College - Laconia, NH 2013USMC Telephone Systems and Personal Computer Repair School - 29 Palms, CA 2012ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONKEY SKILLS• Technical Troubleshooting• Hardware/Software Configurations • Testing/Debugging• ASP.net MVC• LAN/WAN Connectivity • MS Exchange Server• Remote Access Support • C#• Active Directory• Citrix Server• User Training/Support • Entity FrameworkProficient with MS Office 2007/2010/2013 Applications. Experience working in multiple operating systems, including Windows (XP, 7, 8, Server 2003/2007), IBM, and Citrix thin clients. Background in web developing with extensive knowledge of XHTML, CSS3, PHP, JavaScript/JQuery, and object oriented programming. Fundamental understanding of network topology and LAN infrastructure.