Akash Patel- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Akash-Patel/eeef4a40e643fbffSeeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the Information Technology Industry that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperNine-International - July 2014 to Presentnine-internation, India∗ Created HRMS website using C#.net, ASP.net, AJAX, SQL Server, Crystal Reports, & JavaScript ∗ Created Visitor Info website using C#.net, ASP.net, SQL Server, JavaScript, & AJAXNet DeveloperSaurabh Web Solution - April 2013 to May 2014 Saurabh Web Solution, IndiaOnline Hotel Backend Management Web Application• Software tools used - ASP.net, C#.net, MySQL, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, Dream Viewer• Created Application that provided online facility to check available rooms and their pricing, customer can able to check availability for rooms and able to book online.• Created and Executed SQL scripts• Worked with other team members to collaboratively find solutions for business needs• Assisted with maintaining and updating data management policies and procedures in accordance to industry best practices• Performed analysis exercises to extract details from business users• Designed dozens of software solutions driving continuous improvement to processes, systems, work flow and customer responsiveness.Net DeveloperGayatri Roadlines, India - May 2012 to April 2013Maintained Truck information, Driver's information, Consignment, Billing Information• Applied Multithreading techniques for creating high performance applications.• Prepared technical documentation such as system architecture, functional, design documents.• Worked in Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC).• Understanding and analyzing business processes, applications and systems.• SQL Development, ability to write and troubleshoot SQL Code and design (stored procedures, functions, tables, views, indexes, constraints).• Debugging code and performance tuning.• Strong leadership skills and great communication skills to help the team develop and implement the right solution.• Software tools used - VB.net, Microsoft Access, Crystal Report 8.5, C#• Modules created for Trucks, Drivers, Different types of Consignments, Shipping and delivery Receipts, Billing information per consignment code.• Worked with internal clients to understand complex business requirements.￼Languages English, Hindi, and GujaratiEDUCATIONMasters of Science in Information TechnologyS.P. UniversityJune 2012 to June 2014B.C.AS.P. UniversityJune 2010 to April 2012ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkills• Operating Systems- Windows 95, 98, XP, Unix, Linux• GUI-, VB.Net, Visual Basic, Developer 2000, C#.Net, ASP.Net• Languages- C, C++, 8086 Assembly, Java, VC++, Pascal, Cobol• Software Tools- MS-Office, MS-Works, Visual Intradev• Web Technology- HTML, DHTML, ASP, VB Script, Java Script,• AJAX, Linq Query, PHP, JQuery• Database- Oracle, FoxPro, MS-Access, SQL• Reporting Tools- Crystal Report 8.5 and 10.0, SSRS• Well organized• Prioritizes tasks effectively• Problem solving skills• Strong project management skills• Exceptional Customer Service skills• Enjoy working with the public and team members• Solid written and oral communication skills• Ability to handle diverse assignments and juggle multiple prioritieswith ease• Exceptional communication skills including ability to interact with a variety of external and internal audiences • Highly organized and able to quickly prioritize multiple assignments with high quality results