Ali DanismentMBA Intern in Customer Service Operations ManagementUS - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ali-Danisment/41ccc776c93ce5ffWORK EXPERIENCEMBA Intern in Customer Service Operations ManagementAmazon.com, Inc - Cork - June 2014 to September 2014Cork, IrelandAmazon.com is an American international electronic commerce company with headquarters inSeattle, US. It is the world's largest online retailer.MBA Intern in Customer Service Operations Management for amazon.fr- Contributed to customer effort and customer contact reduction projects for the French division.- Participated in various projects to monitor and analyse business data in English and French.- Member of the international project team for a pilot project that will roll out in the Amazon FrenchNetwork. Responsibilities included organizing and heading weekly status update meetings to update the France network managers, coordinating with various departments to create new training plans,ensuring the timeliness of the project, and communicating the improvements to customer serviceassociates and other stakeholders.Supply Chain SupervisorAl Munajem Cold Stores Co - Riyadh - August 2011 to August 2013Riyadh, Saudi ArabiaNationwide distributor of food products (mainly frozen) in Saudi Arabia, 15,000 employees within the group and leading market shares in all product segments.Supply Chain Supervisor- Contributed to the S&OP implementation in the company and created weekly reports to measurekey KPIs such as forecasting efficiency, procurement efficiency and container planning efficiency.- Effectively planned the supply of 70% (volume wise) of company's total items to ensure a steadysupply of goods through communicating with 5 different suppliers in 3 continents for 18 months.- Improved the logistics communications between the company and the suppliers by implementing asteady communications agenda and crosschecking tables resulting in the reduction of unshippedquantities from purchase orders to below 5%.- Reduced the avoidable costs for container transportation to 10% of previous year by supervising the Planning Department's container distribution schedules.- Participated in the Oracle Warehouse Management System Implementation as assistantrepresentative of the company and assigned as team leader of the task force for the pilot run.- Provided Oracle Warehouse Management System training to a warehouse team of 15 peopleranging from the warehouse manager to labourers on the new workflow and handheld devices theyshould use.- Represented the company and lead the project team in Oracle Advanced Supply Chain Planning implementation resulting in an effective implementation of Forecasting module to reduce forecastupload times from 4 hours to 5 minutes.Shift SupervisorOrange Julius - January 2009 to June 2011 full time between 06/10-06/11￼- Managed 5 to 8 hours shifts (weekdays and weekends) of 2 to 5 team members and substituted as the store manager responsible for closing the cash and handling customer relations.- Reduced ingredient waste by creating a new system for preparing the orders by 50%.- Decreased the turn-over rate of ingredients in the stock to 10 days by (and ensured FIFO) by organizing the system the ingredients were consumed.Orange Julius - Kingston, ON - January 2004 to June 20117 years) Orange Julius is a chain of fruit drink beverage stores specializing in selling fresh-made smoothies and operating across 5700 stores world-wide. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway.Sales AssistantOrange Julius - January 2004 to January 2009part time during university studies- Dealt with customers on a one to one basis and prepared their orders in a fast paced environment. - Forecasted the weekly required quantities for the ingredients needed to operate the store (fresh fruits, juices and powders) and placed the orders with the suppliers.- Created weekly supply plans for the ingredients to minimize the inventory costs.LanguagesEnglish (Native), Turkish (Native), French (Intermediate), Spanish (Beginner)EDUCATIONMBA in Business AdministrationESADE Business School, Universitat Ramon Llull - Barcelona, Barcelona September 2013BA in EconomicsQueen's University - Kingston, ON September 2005 to May 2010BSc in Computer EngineeringQueen's University - Kingston, ON September 2003 to May 2010