Alisha CarieSr. Assistant Customer Support - Computer Science CorporationConcord, IL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Alisha-Carie/f548dbf10734a6a2I am currently looking for a full time position in an environment that offers a greater challenge, increased benefits for my family, and the opportunity to help the company advance efficiently and productivelyWORK EXPERIENCESr. Assistant Customer SupportComputer Science Corporation - Jacksonville, IL - August 2013 to PresentTake calls of customers who have an annuity. Answering calls from clients who have questions about their annuity. Verifying security with client to establish they are authorized to receive information about the policy. Complete necessary paperwork and logging all calls with detailed notes. Faxing, coping, emailing and requesting mailings for clients at their request.ExperienceMental Health TechnicianJacksonville Developmental Center - Jacksonville, IL - January 2011 to November 2012Observe and measure individuals participation in programs and services for assessment, implement programs and activities provide physical support while engaging in personal care, monitor individuals physical, behavior and emotional status, promote positive growth for individuals with developmental disabilities according to their plan. Maintain a clean and safe and secure environment for individuals with developmental disabilities.ExperienceProduction WorkerCargill Meat Solutions - Beardstown, IL - October 2009 to January 2011Packed meat product in bags and boxes to ship to customers. Actively worked as a team with others to complete the job.ExperienceCase AideLutheran Social Services - Canton, IL - November 2008 to June 2009Supervised visits between child and parent(s) and completed detail notes and case entry forms regarding visits. Established rapport and confidentiality with clients. Faxed, Copied, Filed, set up appointments, and took calls. ExperienceCashierKmart Corporations - Macomb, IL - August 2007 to September 2008 ExperienceSandwich Maker/Shift LeaderSubway Corporation - Macomb, IL - September 2005 to August 2007 References￼References are available on requests