Amit SoniSoftware Developer - ExperianIrvine, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Amit-Soni/2895c01c8a11d483• Twelve years of experience in requirement analysis, design support, leading and developing software solutions for windows /web and automated applications.• Expert in implementing and deploying mission critical applications in highly scalable web farm environments. • Hands on experience in WEB technologies (C#, Jquery, Ajax, Javascript and Json)• Experience in developing interfaces for Legacy Systems and use of SOA.• Excellent Command and experience in SDLC, Configuration Management, Release Management and Software Architecture.• Developed automation tasks to help the business process.• Hands on knowledge of Creating TIBCO Interfaces in .net for Data Transporting.• Experience in Designing and Developing Dashboards for financial reports.• Hands on experience in working with QA and Release engineers in monthly promotions and defect resolution. • Expert in writing project documentations such as design specifications, technical and functional specifications, analysis diagrams and flow chart writing.• Experience working in Agile teams, ideally Scrum.• International experience in coordinating Development Teams in Brazil, India, Costa Rica and Hungry.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperExperian - Costa Mesa, CA - November 2013 to PresentKey Achievements• Implementing new Business portal for Experian in Brazil (Serasa) in MVC 3.0. • Pure implementation of Agile Methodology.• Active participation in Refactoring of the Core Framework.• Developing TIBCO interface for generating emails globally (Brazil/US and UK). • Implementing WCF APIs for communication with Business portal.• Involved in Database tuning and query optimization for the application.• Used TFS (Team Foundation Server), as Version control tool.• Active member in peer Reviews and Code promotion activities.Tech Lead/ Senior Application DeveloperArbonne International LLC - Irvine, CA - December 2007 to November 2013Key Achievements• Lead for Production Support and Incentives Enhancements for current Arbonne Domains and customer service portals globally.• Implemented and Developed New concept of Bundling Engine to bundle different products through easy configuration for Shopping Cart with use of C#, Jquery widgets and Json.• Developed and designed Dashboard for tracking of Financial reports and automation statuses.• Reviewing BRDs and creating FRDs for Monthly promotions and incentive programs.• Developed enhanced version of ASD (Autoship Service Delivery) modules for Arbonne.• Maintaining integrity and code promotion on all production servers. Resolving errors and maintaining SLAs for Production support process.• Coordinator/Scrum Master between offshore and onsite teams.￼• Providing Support on Vertex Interfaces globally for Arbonne and also developed interfaces for WEB and Vertex.• Developed Interfaces for communication of Data from WEB to Legacy Systems and to ESB Oracle.• Actively participating in use cases review for WEB re-write project in technologies like .Net, oracle and ADF. • Maintaining Credit card Authorizations on the WEB and passing the same to the legacy systems so that cash can be captured.• Involved in Database tuning and query optimization for the application.• Used TFS (Team Foundation Server), VSS (Visual Source Safe) and SVN as Version control tool. • Managing Admin role for QAS (Quick Address Server) for Address validation globally.Senior .NET DeveloperCareFirst BlueCross BlueShield - Owings Mills, MD - February 2007 to October 2007 Key Achievements• Implemented Facets Interfaces with MS.net Technology.• Developed customer friendly user interfaces using WinForms and C# along with ADO.NET to capture and manipulate health insurance activities.• Utilized Web Services for B2B Integration with external business partners• Designed layered Architecture for the business application.• Implemented Tracing and Logging of the application through MS logging blocks.• Used Microsoft Application Blocks for accessing data from databases.• Used Architect Design Model tool for designing.• Utilized Event Log object to record all application errors.• Used SQL Query Analyzer and SQL Profiler for performance tuning of database operations.• Used Vault (Version Controller) and Jira (Bug Reporter) for the application.Senior .NET DeveloperSquare D - April 2005 to February 2007 Key Achievements• Developed Samples and development of AHRR (Annual Human Resource Review) application.• Designed user-friendly interfaces using ASP.NET and VB.NET along with ADO.NET to manipulate the information.• Implemented customized Dataset, DataReader and DataAdapter to interact with Database and manipulate data.• Implemented logical and physical design of database objects such as Tables and Views• Used SYBASE for creating Stored Procedures and Views on the SYBASE Server database.• Monitored and tracked the development of the modules.• Involved in Database tuning and query optimization for the application.• Used VSS (Visual Source Safe) as Version control tool.Senior .Net developerFirst Magnus Financial Corporation - Tucson, AZ - November 2004 to March 2005 Key Achievements• Involved in development, enhancements and production support of different loan applications.• Developed Web Services for open standard and communication among various applications.• Formatted the Messages as Binary Formatter and XML Formatter according to the requirements.• Implemented .NET Remoting object for .NET Application integration.Programmer AnalystEvalueServe.com Pvt. Ltd. CA - June 2004 to November 2004 Key Achievements• Implemented automatic updation of the website and newsletters through Admin module. • Developed Schedulers for Weekly and Daily Newsletters.• Wrote complex Stored Procedures and Triggers for manipulation of information.• Performed Logical and Physical design of the database object using ER-Win•Programmer AnalystAmerican Online - December 2003 to February 2004 Key Achievements• Performed Data Mining and Data Churning for online data.Programmer AnalystNewRiver Inc - Andover, MA - July 2003 to December 2003 Key Achievements• Implemented automation processes for electronic filling of college funds.EDUCATIONBachelors in Sciences PhysicsDelhi University - Delhi, DelhiMasters in Computer ApplicationHimachal Pradesh UniversityADDITIONAL INFORMATION Technical Proficiencies. NET Technologies: .NET Framework 1.1/2.0/3.0/4.0, Visual Studio.NET, C#. NET, Visual Basic.NET, ADO.NET, XML Web Services, Remoting, Reflection, MVC 3.0/4.0, WCF and Crystal Reports for .NET Internet Technologies: ASP.NET, ASP, IIS, HTML/HTML 5, VBScript, JavaScript, JSON, AJAX, ADF, XML/ XSLT and Visual InterdevReport Designers: Crystal Reports for .NET/9Configuration Tool: Team Foundation, Visual SourceSafe, Vault, SVN Bug Reporter: Mercury Quality Center, Jira, Numara and Serena Databases: MS SQL Server 2000/2005/8/12, Oracle 11g, Sybase Website Tools: QAS (Quick Address Validation), Vertex (Tax Engine)