andrew bortleWalworth, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/andrew-bortle/9e37e65a33d411e6WORK EXPERIENCECarpenterhighland hospital - Rochester, NY - February 2006 to PresentResponsibilitiesbuild steel and wood framed walls, hang and finish drywall, install wall protection systems to include rub rails, hand rails, and corner gaurds., install firestopping and build walls to rated requirements, snow removal, painting, wall repairs and prep work, repair and install suspended ceilings and tiles, hang various items as needed through out facility, enter work time in, provide cost estimates for jobs, coordinate all aspects of asbestos related issues.Accomplishmentsbrought 80 % of required fire walls into compliance, safely implemented numerous asbestos jobs to completion, completed numerous small to medium renovations to improve the facility.Skills Usedcarpentry skills through my years of experience.maint techst. ann's home - Rochester, NY - May 2005 to February 2006Responsibilitiesreplaced light bulbs and ballasts, painted, wall repair, door repair, hang various facility related items as needed, fire stopping, unclog various drains, snow removal, preventative maintenance on eye wash stations.Accomplishmentscustomers where happy! was proactive so we had steady work and weren't over tasked with duties that could have been done previouslySkills Usedcustomer service skills, college and vocational training skills.door and window repairmanb+l whole sale - Rochester, NY - March 2004 to May 2005Responsibilitiesrespond to customer complaints involving window or door problems. adjust window and doors so they are correctly functioning, replace door panels, replace double pane window glass, provide customer service, maintain schedule and stock in company provided vehicle.Accomplishmentsmade customers happy, resolved most issues or I would coordinate the actual factory tech to come out to repair.Skills Usedcustomer service skills are key! carpenter skills￼renovations specialistsst. joh's home - Rochester, NY - April 2001 to March 2004Responsibilitiesrenovated 30 year old rooms. removed and reinstalled suspended ceiling, frame, drywall and finish closet, install wall protection, patch and paint room, remove and reinstall ceramic wall and floor tile, wall paper bathroom, install boarder, install vct floor over existing vct floor, install steel door buck and door for closet, build and install simple shelving unit.Accomplishmentsrenovated approx. 25 rooms a year, renovated kitchen space, and renovated the grover klask conference room.Skills Usedused my carpenter training in many facets.Laborer/Carpenterkuebler enterprises - Rochester, NY - June 1996 to April 2001Responsibilitiesassisted carpenters as cut man, poured and finished concrete, performed demolition work, cleaned up job site, installed ashphalt roofing, vinyl siding, hung drywall, learned a lot!Accomplishmentsstarted with little job experience and like a sponge I soaked up all I could as to how this type of work was done. had good boss / teacher.Skills Usedused my college and vocational training.EDUCATIONassociates in building tradesalfred state college - Alfred, NY 1993 to 1995certificate in carpentrywilliamson area vocational center - Williamson, NYCERTIFICATIONSoperation and maintenance asbestos licenseAugust 2001 to August 2015Allows me to remove 10square.ft. or 25 linear feet of asbestos containing material.