Andrew KeenFairfax Station, VA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Andrew-Keen/5c8dc6907459a2a6WORK EXPERIENCEMBA Finance InternSikorsky Global Helicopters - Coatesville, PA - June 2010 to August 2010Responsible for enhancing maturity of key financial, accounting, and contractual functions. • Led project to improve and certify finance processes for an assembly facility producing 55 aircraft annually and more than $225 million in annual revenue.• Facilitated voice-of-the-customer meetings with upstream and downstream organizations, using subject matter knowledge to improve quality and utility of key accounting processes.Contracts AdministratorNorthrop Grumman Corporation - Herndon, VA - September 2004 to July 2009Responsible for cradle-to-grave administration of multiple enterprise-wide contracts, supporting over $200 million in annual revenue.• Led a five-person team during the extension negotiations for the IT Schedule Contract,extending the contract through 2012 and enabling an estimated $900 million in revenue.• Negotiated between the U.S. Government and the Corporate Treasury to establish a $10 million contingent liability over a subsidiary as a prerequisite to a $900 million contract.• Achieved the exercise of the second five-year contract option for the Mission Oriented Business Integrated Services Contract, enabling an estimated $60 million in revenue.• Vetted 80+ potential subcontractors and negotiated teaming and nondisclosure agreements as part of the proposal team for the $600 million Joint Warfighting Center Contract.• Led an eight-person team to host visits for government and internal auditors and completeresulting action items, achieving a flawless audit record for three consecutive years.• Modernized enterprise-wide contractual infrastructure, improving accessibility of electronic records and reducing hard copy records by more than 50%.EDUCATIONMaster of Business AdministrationCornell University, Johnson Graduate School of Management - Ithaca, NY 2009 to 2011BA in International Relations/Psychology double majorThe College of William & Mary - Williamsburg, VA 2000 to 2004SKILLSFinancial modeling, Financial statement analysis, Contract negotiation, Presentations and public speaking, Excel, Powerpoint, Word￼AWARDSModel United Nations World ChampionshipApril 2004Model United Nations North American ChampionshipJanuary 2004