Andrew Rickert Software Developer - KoolspanEllicott City, MD - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Andrew-Rickert/ca3799b4c9bd3aa1• Low-level software development with associated hardware• Modified and extended large codebase, included extensive testing. Included algorithm development form communication with hardware.• Strong technical and analytical skills applied to solving complex mathematical and algorithmic problems• Quantitative background in physics with an emphasis on scientific programming• Experience working both individually and in a team environmentDEVELOPMENT EXPERIENCE• Programming Languages: C/C++ Multithreaded, Java, Javascript, HTML, Haskell,WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperKoolspan - Bethesda, MD - August 2012 to PresentSupporting the development of the TDK which provides the interface between the softwaredeveloper and Koolspans flagship hardware product the 'TrustChip'.Responsible for adding features and, maintaining a large codebase in C as well as extending the use of our product to other platforms. The codebase was managed with a combination of Perforce and git.• Added to the API for talking to the Trustchip using both C and C++• Extended functionality for talking with the Trustchip to the iPhone and Android• Tested and verified functionality for the TDK on Windows, Linux and Mac as well as between platforms• Verification on Linux was carried out using BASH scriptingMobile Software DeveloperQuotient, National Library of Medicine - Bethesda, MD - July 2010 to August 2012Supported the promotion of NLM data resources through application development.Developed an application (MyMedicationList) which took advantage of NLM web services to provide a service for storing and communicating medical information.• Employed web technologies to implement communication with NLM web services◦ RESTful interface to RxNorm* JSON parsing◦ XML parsing with KISSXML• Leveraged the iOS SDK for GUI development• Implemented a data assurance procedure based on both symmetric key and publickey cryptographies.• Performed all the design work for the look and feel of the application; Creating the art for buttons, menus and background. This included a splash screen which waslater used to promote the application.Research AssistantNASA - Greenbelt, MD - October 2007 to December 2009￼Supported research projects related to the use of genetic algorithms and neural networks to assist objectively optimizing the choices involved in picking future remote sensing missions.• Applied neural networks and genetic algorithms to the simulation of atmosphericdata.• Designed neural networks/genetic algorithms in Matlab then C. When Fortran wasrequired the language was learned and applied as well.• Consulted with supervisor and collaborated with team members on the integration of software solutions into the overall project.• Carried out mathematical analyses to increase the effectiveness of software as well as simplifying the scattering physics in the problem.• Presented findings of research to peers and advisors.• Contributed to the writing of formal papers including "An Objectively OptimizedEarth Observing System".Research AssistantSuperconducting Quantum Computing Group - College Park, MD - January 2004 to May 2004Worked under Dr. James R. Anderson supporting research into superconducting implementation of Qubit (quantum bit) to further progress in construction of quantum computer.• Applied knowledge of quantum mechanics to building a electronic circuit to test a Josephson Junction• Collected data on experiments which were used to improved circuit design• Prepared a report on the findings of the experiments and their developmentsEDUCATIONM.S. in PhysicsUniversity of Maryland - Baltimore, MD December 2009B.S. in PhysicsUniversity of Maryland - College Park, MD June 2004ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCommunication Skills• Oral presentations of work to colleagues and advisors• Written presentation of research results as well as documentation of programming activities for conveying the use of the software• Communication with team members about project details leading to greater collaboration/teamwork