Angel Price Eligibility SpecialistCharlotte, NC - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Angel-Price/e431d31652040054WORK EXPERIENCELawyer Referral Service InternMecklenburg County Bar Lawyer Referral Service - Charlotte, NCResponsibilitiesAssist callers with referrals to attorneys. Speak with callers on the phone and make an assessment of the situation. Determine the type of lawyer the caller needs. Refer caller to a lawyer practicing in the specific area of law. Take payment information over the phone. Refer callers who cannot pay the referral fee to other agencies or suggest self services through the courts.Skills UsedEmpathy skills, listening skills, problem-solving skillsEligibility SpecialistMichigan Department of Human Services - Detroit, MI - December 2011 to January 2013In a call center environment, interviewed applicants who applied online for state services. Provided customer service and obtained personal information. Followed federal policies and standard of promptness.Loss Prevention OfficerJcPenney - Okemos, MI - July 2011 to December 2011Observed customers, and watched for suspicious activity. Apprehended and interviewed shoplifters savings the store thousands each month. Followed state laws and JcPenney's guidelines while conducting surveillance and apprehension of shoplifters Detained shoplifters until police arrived. Used a computer to record activitiesAlarm MonitorCentral Security Alarm - East Lansing, MI - June 2010 to May 2011Security Alarm MonitorIn a call center, dispatched emergency responders to burglar and fire alarms from security systems nationwide by phone. Explained troubleshooting/problem solving techniques to customers with alarm systems.ReceptionistX-Tax - Lansing, MI - December 2010 to April 2011Registered and interviewed clients upon arrival for tax services. Checked clients in using a computer and ensured accurate information with identification and social security number. Answered various tax related questions and contacted clients to pick up checks Coordinated with tax preparers to meet with clients. Followed routine policies and regulations.Special Events Traffic WorkerMichigan State University - East Lansing, MI - August 2008 to November 2010Directed patron where to park during special events on campus. Reported cars parked without permits or passes to direct supervisor to either be towed or ticketed.Juvenile Probation Officer (Intern)￼Michigan State University - Lansing, MI - May 2010 to August 2010May 2010 - August 201030th Judicial Circuit Court Family DivisionProvided supervision, case management, and rehabilitation services to juvenile delinquents. Monitored youth's obligations such as community service, attending school, and drug screenings. Testified in court as needed; extensive interaction with youth and community agencies, to establish goals, and evaluate performance.EDUCATIONJD 2015 in LawCharlotte School of Law - Charlotte, NC 2013 to 2015Bachelors of Arts in Criminal JusticeMichigan State University - East Lansing, MI August 2010SKILLSLegal Research, Legal Analysis, MS Word, Interviewing, CounselingADDITIONAL INFORMATION Special SkillsProficient in Microsoft Office, Internet, Typing, and learning new programs.Effective written and oral communication, document review, meet deadlines, organized, follow policy, manage time, and handle large volumes of public interactionLinkshttp://www.linkedin.com/profile/view?id=118386520&trk=nav_responsive_tab_profile