Anne Castrillon Software Developer - Oakwood SoftwareDallas, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Anne-Castrillon/4937ef047ac41f1cWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperOakwood Software - October 2014 to PresentLearned about PHP best practices, and worked with an in-house framework (osis) to develop robust applications. Worked extensively with Web APIs, generating reports in CSV and PDF format, as well as creating HTML front-end views for the reports. Helped make the framework itself more robust and got a good idea on how to build a framework from scratch.Software DeveloperDorian Business Systems - April 2014 to July 2014Contract)Learned extensively about front-end development using css and javascript, as well as back-end development using classic ASP. Created web sites from scratch, as well as updating older legacy websites with new features and more modern designs.• IT Analyst (Primary focus software development)IT AnalystP.R.I.D.E - April 2013 to March 2014Shift Lead, Bilingual TranscriptionistIntelemedia - March 2012 to April 2013March 2012, April 2013:Learned managerial skills and technical writing skills by ensuring that everyone finishes their work by the end of the day, and wrote reports detailing any complications.• Software Development InternSoftware Developer InternMethode Electronics - November 2011 to February 2012Learned extensively about web software development and the software life cycle using Ruby on Rails, debugged and ran test cases on the software and wrote documentation for it. Learned web design basics and the difference between a production and development environment.Skills• PHP: 3 years of experience. Comfortable with PHP OOP principles, exception handling, and protecting against SQL injection. Have created web pages using standalone PHP with tools I developed, as well as using Frameworks such as Laravel and Cake PHP.• Ruby: 3 years of experience. Have worked mostly with the Rails framework, familiar with the MVC model used by Rails and the coding conventions it uses.￼• LAMP: 3 years of experience. Have set up my own LAMP environment on a remote system, as well as the equivalent on Mac and Windows systems. Have configured Apache and MySQL, making sure everything works as intended on both production and development.• ASP.Net/C#: 2+ years experience in school and professional settings, have developed desktop apps for windows as well as websites using ASP.Net web forms. Familiar with ASP.Net MVC.• Classic ASP: 1 year experience, have helped code for legacy programs in Classic ASP using Visual Basic and Javascript as the server side languages.• MySQL: 4 years of experience in professional settings, 8 years total. Proficient with administering a database and creating tables and running queries to efficiently retrieve data from them. Familiar with data sanitization and prepared statements.• Git: 4 years experience. Know how to create, clone, and commit to a repository. Know how to push and pull data between a remote and a local repository. Know the difference between merge and rebase.• Javascript: 4+ years experience, extensive experience with jQuery, familiar with AJAX, client side validation, and other animation and DOM manipulation capabilities.• CSS: Have designed several web pages with extensive CSS usage. Know the fundamentals, such as the difference between margins and padding, when to use pixels over percentages. Familiar with frameworks like Bootstrap.• Java: 2 years professional experience, 8 years in school settings. Have created several Java programs implementing algorithms, such as neural networks and decision trees. Familiar with socket programming. Excellent OOP knowledge.• C/C++: 4 years of school experience. Have created several programs for school projects and familiar with C++ object oriented design.Projects:• Current projects available at: https://github.com/annethereshewent/.o Blog Project: Created a simple blog in PHP to learn the fundamentals of the language. Uses PDOs, prepared statements, and classes to emulate models in an MVC format.o Ticket System: Created a ticket system to keep track of what features I need to add to my current projects. Written in Ruby on Rails.o Blogger - Same as the blog project, but written in Ruby on Rails. Added new functionality such as tags and archive search.(School Projects Available Upon Request)EDUCATIONM.S. in Computer ScienceThe University of Texas at Dallas - Dallas, TX 2010 to 2012B.S. in Computer ScienceThe University of Texas at Dallas - Dallas, TX 2006 to 2010