Ashley Parker AttorneyHouston, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ashley-Parker/12f88c3860439560WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyEdison, McDowell & Hetherington LLP - Houston, TX - June 2012 to December 2014• Maintained a general civil and commercial litigation practice, primarily focused on representing corporations before federal and state courts in securities, breach of contract, real property, corporate governance, ERISA, and business tort matters.• Substantial experience drafting dispositive motions, briefs, complaints, contracts, pretrial motions, memoranda, and discovery requests and responses.• Organized voluminous document review projects involving supervision of as many as 45 attorneys.• Significant experience in researching and analyzing complex legal questions and issues.• Advocated on behalf of clients at hearings in a variety of jurisdictions.• Experience in managing relationships with expert witnesses, preparing witnesses for depositions, taking and defending depositions, coordinating and analyzing document productions, trial preparation, and settlement negotiations.• Worked closely with partners arguing a high-stakes case before the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit by researching and briefing appellate issues, preparing appendices, ensuring compliance with local and appellate rules of procedure, and drafting the oral argument outline.• Considerable class action experience. Member of trial team for securities class action lawsuit.Research AssistantAndy Barrett & Associates, PLLC - Denver City, TX - September 2011 to May 2012• Conducted extensive legal research, reviewed motions and pleadings, and drafted research memorandums, motions, and pleadings for cases involving contractual and real property disputes.Law ClerkDavid Guinn - Waco, TX - July 2010 to January 2012• Assisted with 2010 Texas electoral redistricting activities. Researched discrete topics in Constitutional Law, Voting Rights, & Equal Protection.• Organized and prepared classes, speeches, charity events, and law school events. Managed personal affairs.• Fifteen or more hours per week while a full-time student.Judicial ExternThe Honorable Rex Emerson - Kerrville, TX - June 2010 to August 2010 198th Judicial District CourtConstituent LiaisonTexas House of Representatives - San Antonio, TX - May 2008 to December 2008 Representative Frank J. Corte, Jr. - San Antonio, TXDistrict Intern, United States House of RepresentativesCongressman Michael T. McCaul - Austin, TX - March 2008 to May 2008￼EDUCATIONJuris DoctorBaylor University School of Law - Waco, TX 2012Bachelor of Science in Communication StudiesUniversity of Texas - Austin, TX May 2008University of Denver 2004ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONEDUCATIONBaylor University School of Law – Waco, TX February 2012Juris Doctor, cum laude• Class Rank: Top 15%; GPA: 3.53• Baylor Law Review: Associate Editor• High A’s: Practice Court II; Contracts II; Family Rights Practice & Procedure; NAFTA • 2012 Abner V. McCall Evidence Award• 2012 John and Marie Chiles Endowed Scholarship for Community Service• Study Abroad: University of Guadalajara in Guadalajara, Mexico – Summer 2010BAR ADMISSIONSTexas; Federal District Courts of Texas (Northern, Southern, Western, & Eastern)