Asmita KambleSoftware Developer - Lower Funnel Redesign- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Asmita-Kamble/6be7b043bf185124Ø About 7 years of software experience working on product and applications development on multiple platforms that include Java/J2EE, Service Oriented Architecture Applications, RAD 6.0.1, Struts, JSP, Servlets, JavaScript, VB 6.0, etc.Extensive software experience with strong technical skills in the design and development of Java based applications with proficiency in JAVA, JDK, J2EE, EJB, JavaScript, XML, RMI, JNDI, JDBC, JMS, Servlets, JSP, HTML, CSS, Tiles, Struts, Hibernet, ibatis, webservices (SOAP and REST), spring frameworks, UML, ColdFusion.Ø In-depth Software Architect level experience on Process Oriented, Component and Service based level applications and products using J2EE technologies that include EJBs, Servlets, JSP, JavaScript, XML technologies, such as XSD, XSLT, and XPath, and Apache Ant.Ø Extensive experience in the design of the software applications and products. Well experienced in OOPs, OOAD, J2EE, EJB, MVC design pattern.Ø Extremely good in designing and developing web based applications using Spring AOP, Spring webflow, Spring MVC, Spring IOC and Spring framework.Ø Experienced working with relational database programming: ORM tools (e.g Hibernate), Complex SQL, Stored Procedures.Ø Over 5 years of experience in oracle PL/SQL.Ø Strong in analytical and trouble shooting skills.Ø Extremely good in Object Oriented Programming and Designing.Ø Worked on Agile and waterfall methodologies.Ø Personal skills include high degree of initiative, good communication, ability to work independently and in the team environment, systematic problem analysis, Self-starter that drives tasks to completion on time and effective time management.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperLower Funnel Redesign - March 2014 to PresentOnline shopping service).AgreeYa Solutions, California USA March 2014 - PresentSoftware Developer￼Purpose of this application is to create a new independent lower funnel application (which collects user information, shipping and Billing details), which later can be integrated in other online shopping applications.Responsibilities:• Analyze existing code and integrating new functionality or module with existing systems.• Works with business architects and systems analysts to gather data elements from business requirements and translate them into a design deliverables and Design detailed technical specifications.• Design and implemented controller and manager layer for user Information page.• Implemented REST clients for application to access new REST Web Services.• Translated Web Service responses to business objects, applied business logic rules.• Managed and assigned UI work to developers in India.• Designed and developed user information module.• Developed several REST web services supporting both XML and JSON to perform tasks such as Validating mtn, addresses, retrieving company structure, company profile customizations etc.Environment: Eclipse 3.1, Weblogic 10, Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring Hibernate , Spring framework, Java, JSP, tiles, Javascript, JQuery, CSS, DHTML, HTML, XML, web services(REST), Google chrome Advanced Rest Client, UML, Java Script, Mootools, SQL, Oracle 10g, Maven.wireless as a Software ConsultantVerizon - September 2012 to PresentSoftware DeveloperAgreeYa Solutions - June 2013 to March 2014 California USA June 2013 - March 2014Software DeveloperClient: Verizon Wireless, Washington USA.Voice Cypher - Provides voice call and text encryption for smartphones. Secure smartphone to smartphone calling without the need for specialty hardware. It is carrier agnostic. Target is for Government (sensitive but unclassified communications) and large enterprise.This is the application to support purchase of Voice Cypher subscription and Licenses through My Business portal. This will include purchase of new licenses, Add Licenses, service address updates, IT Administrator management, software transaction history and view orders. Also allows users to approve reject pending orders, which are placed by other external systems.Responsibilities:• Requirement analysis, design and created reusable components.• Agile methodology was used for the development of project; to create design documents used Microsoft Visio, UML and OOAD.• Implemented user Interface to allow order modification and submission. To implement UI used JSP, javascript, css, Mootools, for backend logic implementation used Java, spring MCV.• Analyzed and refactored java code by introducing new action classes to handle business logic.Added proper conditions to avoid unnecessary api calls.• Design and Developed web services needed to communicate with external systems, using SOAP and XML. Also added error handling for the different errorCodes coming in the webservice api responses.• Implemented backend logic to retrieve required data from database using spring Hibernate.• Conducted Unit Tests using junits.Environment: Eclipse 3.1, Weblogic 10, Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring Hibernate , Spring framework, Java, JSP, tiles, Javascript, JQuery, CSS, DHTML, HTML, XML, web services, SOAP, UML, Java Script, Mootools, SQL, Unix Shell Scripts, Oracle 10g, Maven.Software DeveloperAgreeYa Solutions - September 2012 to June 2013Client: Verizon Wireless, Washington USA.This is the online self-service tool for Verizon Wireless business and government customers. It is primarily designed for Small/Medium Business accounts.This tool allows customers to view and pay their bills, create business structures, view select reports, and maintain their business account. Additionally, eligible customers may purchase equipment, accessories, and service using My Business functionality.Responsibilities:• Involved in requirement analysis and writing Technical Specifications for the project.• Designed and developed application using agile methodology, UML and OOAD.• Worked on order creation and order xml generation for different shopping paths.• Worked on redesign of Commerce involving changes to Devices, Plans, Features and Accessories buying for new lines and equipment upgrades. UI redesigned to improve user experience and to achieve faster response to make the ordering time lower. Project was estimated to shoot up bulk orders by 10%.• Enhanced application using Spring MVC, Mootools, ajax to achieve faster response.• Developed web services using SOAP and XML.• Implemented sequential ajax loading for accordion UI. Extensively Used JavaScript and Ajax to provide the users with interactive, Speedy, functional and more usable user interfaces. Also worked on the Controller implementation needed to support this UI.• Wrote various Hibernate Queries using Hibernate Query Language (HQL) and hibernate criterion queries to execute queries against database.• Implemented end to end functionality for UI flows using Spring webflow.• Conducted Unit Tests using junits.Environment: Eclipse 3.1, Weblogic 10, Spring AOP, Spring webflow, Spring IOC, Spring Hibernate , Spring framework, Java, JSP, tiles, JQuery, CSS, DHTML, HTML, XML, XSD, web services, SOAP, UML, Java Script, Mootools, SQL, Unix Shell Scripts , Oracle 10g, Maven.Project: Blackberry small business (BSB).Software DeveloperResearch In Motion, Washington USA - January 2010 to April 2011This is a device management tool for small businesses. It helps small businesses to manage their employee's email accounts. It also provides methods for the users to find their lost device and protect their device information.Responsibilities:• Involved in requirement analysis and writing Technical Specifications for the project.• Involved in the design, Implemented MVC architecture using spring, JSP & Java beans.• Worked on services, controllers and UI development.• Designed and developed web based application using spring framework and spring webflow.• Implemented web base client user interfaces using HTML, CSS, tiles, Dojo and Dijit javascript framework.• Implemented Monitoring using spring AOP.• Developed web services using SOAP and XML.• Written SQL queries for data management.• Implemented test extensions and written automation scripts for test cases. • Conducted Unit Tests.Environment: Eclipse 3.1, Tomcat 6.0, Spring AOP, Spring webflow, Spring IOC, Spring Hibernate, Spring framework, Java, JSP, Javascript, CSS, DHTML, HTML, XML, web services, UML, Java Script, SQL, Unix Shell Scripts , Oracle 10g, Robot framework.DeveloperResearch In Motion, Washington USA - November 2008 to April 2011Software DeveloperResearch In Motion - November 2008 to January 2010This tool is used for carriers and RIM users to administer subscribers. It allows the users to create different groups and assign different permissions to them. As per group permissions the users can manage subscriber's accounts and their email accounts.Responsibilities:• Worked on three releases of this tool.• Involved in requirement analysis and writing Technical Specifications for the project. • Involved in the design, Implementation and coding of the system.• Worked on services, controllers and UI development.• Implemented method level logging using spring AOP.• Implemented session tracking, caching and client server validation library.• Written SQL queries for data management.• Implemented test extensions and written automation scripts for test cases.• Conducted Unit Tests.Environment: Eclipse 3.1, Tomcat 6.0, Spring, Java, JSP, Javascript, JDBC, CSS, DHTML, HTML, XML, web services, UML, Java Script, JQuery, SQL, Postgres, Oracle 10g, Robot framework.AssociateProkarma Soft Tech Pvt Ltd - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh - September 2007 to March 2008Prokarma Soft Tech Hyderabad, IndiaFleet Automation - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh - September 2007 to March 2008 Technical AssociateClient: Union Pacific Railroad Omaha, NE USA.This software is implemented for the Car Management group in Union Pacific Railroad for generating the annual operating plan for different services like fleet, lease. The fleet AOP system will automatically fetch the supply and demand information for each of the car kinds and displays the same in the web based user interface. The system will also ease the efforts of the users by providing several reports for analyzing the variance and plan.Responsibilities:• Involved in form module documenting, coding and testing by using Java. • Worked on the UI and generated reports using JSPs, javascript and CSS. • Worked on Persistence layer from simple DAO to Spring/Hibernate.• Resolved some of the issues related to UI and cross browser.• Worked on reporting module, generated reports by using ColdFusion. • Written SQL queries for retrieving data.Environment: Eclipse 3.1, BEA WebLogic 8.1, ColdFusion 8, Hibernet, Spring framework, Java, CFML, JSP, Javascript, JQuery, CSS, DHTML, EJB, Servlets, HTML, XML, UML, Java Script, SQL, Oracle 10g.NY, USA as a ProgrammerXtream IT people Inc - August 2006 to February 2007Integrated JusticeStates of New York - New York, NY - August 2006 to February 2007 Albany, New York Aug 2006 - Feb 2007ProgrammerWorked on common services framework for various Integrated Justice applications. Implemented and tested various services like Service Locator, Message generator, IJCache and Unique code generator. Also worked on portal theme, created new theme for portals. Created build scripts for Web projects, EJB projects and java projects and tested those scripts using apache ant tool.Responsibilities:• Involved in technical and software requirement specifications.• Given training to developers for using different common services.• Involved in creating the Data Modeling: Class diagram and Sequence diagrams. • Involved in form module documenting, coding and testing by using Java.Environment: RAD 6.0.1, Websphere 6.0 , Portal server 5.1, Struts, Java, JSP, Javascript, DHTML, EJB, Servlets, HTML, XML, UML, Java Script, JMS, SQL, Oracle.Project: Incident trackingProgrammerSai solutions Inc - March 2006 to August 2006The purpose of this Incident Reporting application is to record, review, and track the details and corrective actions related to all work-related incidents. The application includes initial incident reporting forms, Incident Investigation Team forms and analysis, EHS required documents, and corrective action plans and progress. This application is also beneficial in trending information related to incident and sharing lessons learned. Reports were implemented using XML templates.Responsibilities:• Involved in Database Design and framework design• Did configurations on RAD for oracle database connectivity. • Written SQL queries for retrieving data.• Worked on the implementation of data retrieval module.Environment: Eclipse, Struts, Java, JSP, EJB, Servlets, HTML, Javascript, CSS, DHTML, XML, SiteMinder, Oracle, SQL, BEA WebLogic.NY, USA as a Java Developer Software EngineerSai solutions Inc - February 2006 to August 2006ProgrammerTechnocrats Security Systems Pvt. Ltd Mumbai, India Sep 2005 - Feb 2006Programmer- Mumbai, Maharashtra - September 2005 to February 2006Clients:• Rolta India Pvt. Ltd. Mumbai, India.• Lupin Pharmacy. Mumbai, India.• WNS. Mumbai, India.• Organon Pharmaceutical Pvt. Ltd. Mumbai, India. • Dhrmanad Diamond Surat, India.This software allows the user to maintain the record of employees and granted access to only registered employees. When the employee flashes the card on the reader its entry time and exit time are stored in the database. Different reports are generated in order to get daily record of entry and exit time, late coming, early going, total working hours, total absentee, total presentee and total leaves of the employees.Responsibilities:• Involved in technical and software requirement specifications.• Designed and developed the menu-driven user interface and sub system's user interface screens using Java swing.• Involved in generating new reports according to the requirements of the different clients with XML templates. • Involved in creating the Data Modeling: E-R diagrams, Context diagrams and entity definitions.• Designed the database Created E-R models for the relational database design. Coordinated and built screens, reports and menus for company database.• Created database design.• Involved in form module documenting, coding and testing.Environment: Eclipse , Windows XP/2000/9X, Java, JSP, CSS, XML, UML, Javascript, Struts, SQL, SQL server 2000, Ant, Icon 100 and Finger007 controllers.programmerTechnocrats Security Systems Pvt. Ltd - Mumbai, Maharashtra - July 2005 to February 2006ProgrammerTechnocrats Security Systems Pvt. Ltd - Mumbai, Maharashtra - July 2005 to September 2005This software is multi user client sever based software. This project allows the user to maintain stock and generate reports in order to get daily record of purchase, return, sales & sales return of the goods.Responsibilities:• Involved in requirement analysis and writing Technical Specifications for the project.• Involved in the design and development of the system.• Developed front-end interfaces using Java.• Implemented barcode printing and scanning modules.• The database used for storing and retrieving data was MS Access 2000/SQL server 2000.• Implemented report generation in html, doc and txt file formats. Data report tool was also used for generating reports.• Conducted Unit Tests.Environment: Eclipse, Windows XP/2000/9X, Java, JSP, CSS, XML, Javascript, Struts, EJB, SQL, SQL server 2000, Ant, Argox Barcode printer OST 214 and Argox Scanner.Sabu Siddiqui College of Polytechnique, Mumbai Aug 2004 to June 2005LecturerSabu Siddiqui College of Polytechnique - Mumbai, Maharashtra - August 2004 to June 2005Aug 2004 - June 2005: Worked as a Lecturer, conducted lectures of Computer organization and practical of Image processing, Linux at Sabu Siddiqui College of Polytechnique, Mumbai, India.Professional Experience:EDUCATIONMasters of Engineering in Computer ScienceVJTI, University of Mumbai - Mumbai, MaharashtraADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnologies J2EE, Servlets, JSP1.1, HTML, CSS, Tiles, JDBC, EJB 1.1/2.0, JavaBeans, Applets, Swing, AWT, LDAP, JNDI, RMI.Script Languages JavaScript, JQuery, Mootools, DojoToolkits.XML Technologies XML 1.0, XSL, XSLT, Xpath, XmlBean, DOM, SAX.Web services SOAP, RESTful, WSDL, Apache AxisMethodology OOAD, UML, Agile methodology.Application Server Tomcat 6.x, WebSphere Server6.1, BEA WebLogic Server 10/8.1/6.1, ColdFusion 8. Database Oracle, MS Access, Postgres, SQL Server 2000Tools SQL Developer, SQL Navigator, Toad, Apache Ant, Maven, Eclipse, Microsoft VisioOperating System Linux, Windows XP/2000/NT, Solaris