Avishay TetroComputer Networking Administrator and Consultant - Self-EmployedGlenside, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Avishay-Tetro/a68ebfc2e3054099WORK EXPERIENCEComputer Networking Administrator and ConsultantSelf-Employed - Glenside, PA - 2007 to PresentImplement video surveillance telephone and computer networking systems, comprehensive school safety programs and provide monitoring, consulting and training. Work with educational, retail, medical and other institutions and companies.Computer Network AdministratorCity Blue, Inc - Ohio, PA, US - 2001 to 2007Responsible for the system design, set-up and proper operation of all company computers and video surveillance systems. Acted as liaison with authorities when their intervention was required. Assisted management in the day-to-day running of the company.● Created the company-wide video surveillance system, including research, procurement decisions, system design, set-up and operation.● Key contributor as a member of a team tasked with creating an online store, adding $15 MM annually to the company revenue.Technical Specialist, Vega Computer Industies A Personal Computer ManufacturerVega Computer Industies - Philadelphia, PA - 1998 to 2001Provided technical support services to customers, including walk-in service and telephone support. Built PCs. Ran diagnostic tests, including testing of video, audio, modem and networking cards. Upgraded PCs.● Designed a computer system for Stern - a private high school in North East Philadelphia, PA Quality Control Inspector and InstallerGreater Media Cable A - 1995 to 1998Monitored/reviewed installation and servicing of cable connections. Dealt with special circumstance customer complaints such as insurance issues and difficult or unusual installations.Owner and ManagerPhilly Style A clothing retail store - Philadelphia, PA - 1992 to 1994Operated a discount clothing store. Purchased inventory, hired employees, advertised business, designed clothing displays, monitored store inventories.EDUCATIONEngineeringGurion University - Philadelphia, PA 1981 to 1982￼SKILLSMicrosoft Certified Professional since 2003All Windows Operating SystemsIntegrated or Individual Network Systems including: Linux video surveillanceCisco routers and switchesAxis streaming audio and video systems Network wiring designDigital phone systemsADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnical Expertise● Microsoft Certified Professional since 2003● All Windows Operating Systems● Integrated or Individual Network Systems including: ○ Linux video surveillance○ Cisco routers and switches○ Axis streaming audio and video systems○ Network wiring design○ Digital phone systems