Beth MillerAssociate Attorney - Barren & Merry Co., L.P.AJohnstown, OH - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Beth-Miller/0fd802173afd0cd2WORK EXPERIENCEAssociate AttorneyBarren & Merry Co., L.P.A - Westerville, OH - May 2003 to PresentHandle complex litigation, collection, and workouts of multi-million dollar transactions for financial institutions from inception to closing as lead attorney and primary contact for client.• Draft detailed settlements on commercial obligations and agreements for deeds-in-lieu of foreclosure. Draft pleadings, including Complaints, Answers, Motions for Summary Judgment, Motions for Appointment of Receiver, Oppositions to Motions for Relief from Judgment, and Appellate Briefs in connection with commercial and consumer obligations and foreclosure.• Familiar with all aspects of execution and collection, including bank and wage garnishments, judgment debtor exams, and writs of execution for seizure of personal property and business assets.• Extensive experience in representing financial institutions in bankruptcy matters. Draft Motions for Relief from Stay and Abandonment, Non-Dischargeability Complaints, Proofs of Claim, Oppositions to Motion to Avoid Liens, Motions to Convert or Dismiss in Chapter 7, Objections to Confirmation of Chapter 11 and 13 Plans. Conduct Rule 2004 Exams, attend 341 Meetings, and argue motions before the Court.Associate AttorneyGoldman & Braunstein, LLP - Columbus, OH - November 2000 to May 2003Responsibilities included drafting various pleadings, including Complaints, Motions for Summary Judgment, Oppositions to Motions to Vacate in small firm focused on eminent domain and zoning.• Prepared and filed applications for changes in zoning, variances and conditional use permits. Met with neighborhood coalitions to address concerns to rezoning, answer questions, and negotiate a resolution prior to presentation of zoning application to city staff and council for approval.EDUCATIONJuris DoctorThe Ohio State University Moritz College of Law - Columbus, OH June 2000Bachelor of Science in PsychologyThe Ohio State University - Columbus, OH December 1996￼