BHARATH THESAYI SRIDHARAN Oracle PL/SQL developerBaltimore, MD - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/BHARATH-THESAYI-SRIDHARAN/ a7b9ee9d241ba78a• Oracle PL/SQL Developer with over 5 years of IT experience in applications development, enhancement, support and maintenance.• Experience with operations of eight state government agencies (Toll operations).• Extensive experience in writing Pro*C code, Procedures, Functions, Packages, triggers, Materialized views, Indexes, Redefinition, Virtual Columns etc.• Good experience using Collection methods, PL/SQL Tables, External Tables and Ref Cursors to process huge volume of data and also used bulk collect for mass update as performance improvement process.• Experience in creating different kinds of Partitions on tables and also worked on partition exchange to swap data between tables.• Strong knowledge in oracle utilities like Oracle Data Pump for importing and exporting files, expdp/impdp for tables and schema.• Automation of unit testing the database code using UTPLSQL framework.• Good knowledge of tuning SQL, PL/SQL queries using Hints and Explain Plan.• Gathered stats, Analyzed tables and indexes for Cost Based Optimization (CBO) to work efficiently.• Experience in Data migration Projects which uses Pro*C, External tables, SQL Loader, PL/SQL programming and UTL_FILE for the ETL process.• Experience on User-defined and System defined exceptions to handle different types of Errors like NO_DATA_FOUND, TOO_MANY_ROWS and PRAGMA EXCEPTION_INIT etc. Used PRAGMA AUTONOMOUS_TRANSACTION with the procedures.• Knowledge with PL/SQL Wrapper to protect the PL/SQL procedures or packages.• Responsible for providing SQL queries (Adhoc request) as per client requirement and also for Crystal Reports.• Strong working experience in Data Analysis, Modeling, Logical and Physical database design. Experience with data modeling using ERStudio tool.• Good experience working on programming languages like Pro*C, Forte UDS (VMS systems) and also on legacy RDB systems.• Wrote UNIX Shell scripts to run various utilities and developed CRON to schedule the batch process.• Good experience on scripting languages like AWK for Unix/Linux systems and PERL for the windows systems.• Experienced in version control systems like Github, Clear Case & Razor.• Experience in monitoring tools like Control M, Cybermation ESP and AUTOSYS.• Extensively involved in using Confluence, JIRA and Clear Quest to track and report defects for smooth transition between development, testing and operations team.• Proficiency in creating Use case documents, Requirements specifications Technical Design Documents and Functional Design Documents.• Experience on providing product demos to clients and agencies.• Professional expertise in Implementation of Scrum Methodology.• Experience with Siebel Database in Oracle environment.• Managed team of four members by conducting team meetings, delegating assignments, tracking status updates and providing assessments and feedbacks.￼￼WORK EXPERIENCESoftware EngineerSyntel INC - Timonium, MD - December 2013 to PresentSoftware Engineer – Syntel Inc, Sparks MD Dec 2013 – till dateClient: PayPal.Tools & Technology used: SHELL, Java, Oracle 11g, Control M, UNIX, GitHub, Bamboo build mgmt., Confluence.Project: GCE (Global Credit Expansion)• PayPal credit offers customers flexibility to pay purchases over time.• PL/SQL Developer responsible for development, maintenance and documentation of object oriented database objects as well as UNIX SHELL scripting and data management duties.• Created DDL scripts to create, alter, drop tables, views, synonyms and sequences.• Data mapping, logical data modeling, created class diagrams and ER diagrams and used SQL queries to filter data within the Oracle database.• Analyze requirements utilizing various methods. (E.g. sample data from SQL queries, Screen Shots, reports, prototype screens and other data models.)• Made use of DB LINKS for accessing data across different databases.• Improving code flexibility, usability, and performance using dynamic SQL.• Performed unit testing, point-to-point testing and integration testing to confirm ETL code integrity.• Unit testing the database code using UTPLSQL testing framework.• Worked on Oracle 11g new features like Redefinition to add partitions to online tables and Virtual columns to the existing and new tables.• Worked on External tables, oracle data pump utilities and UTL_FILE packages for the ETL processes and also created new packages using techniques like Oracle XML, PL/SQL collection methods, Bulk binding to achieve a performance based sql code.• Design data models using ER studio data architect.• Gained working knowledge of Control M for loading/force starting jobs, changing job status and monitoring job progress.• Provided documentation and instruction to team members on use of new techniques like oracle data pump utilities, partition exchange and also use of web based revision control tool GitHub.• Automate the build process using Bamboo (build manager) and ensure the build is green.• Support SRE team to identify and fix production issues.• Investigation for the failure and issue, follow-up with all groups needed & communicating all issues to management.Computer Programmer AnalystHexaware Technologies Inc - Germantown, MD - April 2012 to December 2013Programmer Analyst – Hexaware Technologies Inc, Germantown MD Apr 2012 – Dec 2013Client: Xerox State & Local Solutions, Inc.Tools & Technology used: C, Pro*C, AWK, SHELL, Oracle 10g & 11g, Crystal Reports, SIEBEL and Linux. Project: Vector 4.0Agencies: New York EZPass, New Jersey EZPass, Maryland EZPass, North Carolina EZPassAll Electronic Tolling:• Electronic tolling offers customer time savings as there is no more fumbling for cash or stopping at the Toll Plaza.• Assessed costs and risks associated with developing new features and products.• Responsible for dealing with clients and accessing their requirements for developing appropriate software programs.• Discussing and resolving the issues raised by the operations and other through Daily Issue Management (DIM) calls until the project stabilizes.• Part of COI (Cost Optimization Initiatives) team to conduct research on current software product to enhance the quality, performance and for finding areas with scope of improvement.• Performed regression and system-level testing to verify software quality and function before it was released. Extensively used error and exception handling techniques for validation purposes in code.• Involved in the Complete Design of Data Flow Diagrams (DFD) of the current product used to bid new projects.• Involved in SQL query tuning and optimization.• Wrote complex SQL queries using joins, sub queries and inline views to retrieve data from the database. Created Partitions on the tables to improve the performance.• Involved in coding AWK and PERL scripts for Image processing jobs.• Developed Pro*C and PL/SQL programming, Shell scripts from the scratch.• To support reports team with new project requirements and SQL queries to be used for reporting tools.• Manage and Support offshore team to help them understand new requirements and also attend production support duties on calls 24*7 basis.Software DeveloperHexaware Technologies - Chennai, Tamil Nadu - February 2010 to March 2012Software Developer – Hexaware Technologies Ltd, Chennai INDIA Feb 2010 – Mar 2012Client: ACS, a Xerox Company.Tools & Technology used: C, Pro*C, AWK, COM, Oracle 9i, Actuate, FORTE UDS, HTML, JavaScript and VMSProject: Vector 2.0 & 4.0Agencies: New Jersey EZPass, DRBA EZPass, New Hampshire EZPass, Rhode Island EZPass and BATA Fast Track (California).Electronic Toll Collection:• Electronic toll collection (ETC) system that allows you to prepay your tolls, eliminating the need to stop at the toll plaza.• Part of entire software development process from requirement gathering till Final Acceptance Test (FAT).• Managed a small team in offshore and provided support for senior management in onsite.• Developed Linux Shell scripts to process Oracle stored programs in the batch mode.• Involved in a complex migration of 32 TB data from one system to another while keeping the data and core business rule intact across different OS.• Created custom packages and procedures to perform ETL processes like data loading, transformation, extraction, validation and reporting.• Developed reusable framework components to handle data access, exceptions other common functions for data validation and formatting.• Responsible for design, development, testing and integration in customer management, invoicing and citation modules using C and Forte (4GL).• Administered the database and application server.• Add Strengthened developmental methodologies by introducing a code quality document and a test design checklist.• Responsible to prepare slides and present DP (Defect prevention) meeting to track all code defects and issues for every quarter.• Drafted user manual documentation using HTML and conducted group training sessions to new members in the project.EDUCATIONBS in Computer Science and EngineeringAnna University 2005 to 2009SKILLSSQL, PL/SQL, Oracle XML, C, Pro*C, Forte UDS (4GL), ER Studio , GAWK , Shell, PERL and batch file scripts, Cybermation ESP, Control-M, Autosys, Atlassian Products, GitHub, Clear Case, RazorADDITIONAL INFORMATION Technical SkillsOperating Systems - Windows, Linux, VMS, MS DOSLanguages - C, Pro*C, Forte UDS (4GL), SQL, PL/SQL, Oracle XMLScripting - AWK , Shell , Perl and batch file scriptsTools - ER Studio, Cybermation ESP, Control-M, Autosys, Atlassian Products (Confluence, Bamboo, JIRA, crucible), GitHub, Clear Case, Razor, SharePointDatabase Oracle 11g/10g/9i, Oracle RDB 7IDE’s - TOAD, PL/SQL developer, iPlanet UDS, Crystal Reports, ActuateEducation & Achievements• BS in Computer Science and Engineering, Anna University, India, June 2009. • ACE award winner for Q4 2010, Hexaware Technologies.• SPOT Recognition for Mar-2014, Syntel Inc.