Bill KayisNetworking Consultant - Independent Computer SecurityOzone Park, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Bill-Kayis/0d635e13969f5297Innovative, results-oriented management professional with over 13+ years of visible achievements providing leading edge technological solutions. Extensive qualifications in all aspects of the systems, security administration, management, maintenance, network design ( LAN, WAN) and server operations with related software solutions.HardwareAll IBM, Toshiba, Dell, HP, Apple product lines including their high end servers. Cisco, HP(Pro-Curve), Nortel, 3Com, Juniper etc. routers & switches. Design and Implementation of Storage Area Networks - SAN & Network Attached Storage - NAS devices and other hardware Clones. Implementation of BlueCat-DNS/DHCP server and Barracuda Message Archiver.SoftwareMicrosoft Windows Server product lines which include Active Directory (AD), MS Exchange Mail server, SCCM, SQL etc. server(s) design, Implementation and maintenance. Software Integration of HP, Cisco ( TCP/IP suite, IOS, RIP, OSPF, EIGRP, BGP etc.) Juniper Networks applications to existing networks, Novell Open server product lines, which includes Group-wise E-mail design & implementations. Websense content filtering Server design with Multi-node implementations. Using Citrix for legacy applications and VMware (ESX, ESXI, Hyper- V) to implement MS Windows server platform. Linux-RedHat and Apple OS X platform coexist with Microsoft AD, building secure WEB services and utilizing SSL VPN or IPSec VPN's from Cisco and Juniper networks. Using various Backup software vendors such as BackupExec to backup data etc. and implement disaster recovery plans for business continuity. Implementation of ESET, E-Trust, Symantec, Sophos, Kaspersky etc. security and anti-virus applications.WORK EXPERIENCENetworking ConsultantIndependent Computer Security - 2008 to PresentCyberlink Interactive INC. NY, Gemini Electric CO. Bronx NY, RealtimeOffice Solutions INC. Lindenhurst, NY• Provide IT infrastructure direction for business and implement internet security policies for various local companies.• Install and configure (Entry-level sonicwall TZ, TZ 251, Cisco ASA, Juniper etc.) network security appliance to establish internet connection.• Implement malware protection (ESET Security, Norton etc.) - defense against known and emerging viruses, trojans, spam and other internet threats.• Implement VPN connections for home users to access network.• Install and configure wireless (cisco, sonicwall, netgear etc.) access for the office.• Install and configure Microsoft Small Business server 2003/2008/2012 with designing TCP/IP networking infrastructure for 5-25 users.• Responsible for server builds (2003/2008/2012 Microsoft AD) including the development, testing and deployment of physical and virtual servers for the organization.• Windows Active Directory administration and Implementation of GPO's, DFS, Login Scripts, etc. for AD￼• Implement the redesign and deployment of Microsoft AD and effective server management solutions for the AD structure.• Install and configure various versions of Microsoft Exchange servers or migrate to the latest version.• Migrations or in-place upgrade for all versions of Microsoft Windows workstations (win XP, 2000, vista, Win7, etc.) to the latest ( windows 8.1).• Manage network domain and exchange servers.• Implement data backups and maintained rotation schedule.• Work with CEO/Owner to create direction for new various technologies.IT DirectorRHI Entertainment - New York, NY - 1998 to 2008Implementing and managing custom applications to provide technical information to end users and leading projects to full completion.• Deliver bottom-line results through effective design, development and execution of systems to reduce or save cost.• Trim technical expenditures and over time costs by 30 percent during first fiscal year.• Streamline working environment by establishing technical and operational standards• Securing H.E.I entire network by using Cisco PIX515e firewall and implementing VPN access for remote users and its clients.• Re-establish Voice over IP (VoIP) communication between LA, New York, London and Sydney offices using Cisco 2651XM Router & Cisco IP phones.• Negotiate and administer service contracts; interview and secure various consultants on contract basis.• Maintained software, hardware supplies purchase through CDW, PC Mall and Tech Data etc.• Re-design H.E.I's existing network to utilize Microsoft Win2K- Win2003 - 2008 architecture and establish a Gigabit back-bone collapsed topology for the physical Ethernet layout.• Setup roaming profiles, folder redirection and group policies for all users.• Built out a test environment for Windows 2008 server platform and run/test in-house legacy apps.• Create a special help desk for MAC users and support Apple X Server.• Create a help desk to support and manage users in NY, LA, London and Sydney.• Implement Websense Security solutions for real-time content analysis and filtering.• Manage Outsource solutions for MAS90, MAS200, Jaguar DB and KOFAX-Ascent Capture Systems.• Design and implement Citrix based solution for in-house legacy application(s).• Implement and configure Blackberry Enterprise Server (BES) to work with MS Exchange.• Design and implement Automated Remote Desktop management for entire network.• Implement and extend a storage space with IBM Storage Server.• Improved backup solution using Backup Exec 12 and rolled out HP tape library system.• Design and implement disaster recovery plan (off site location) for vital part of the business.Senior Systems ConsultantINACOM INFORMATION SYSTEMS - New York, NY - 1993 to 1998Responsible for Senior Systems Consulting duties for the firm providing both sales and system integration of diversified systems to fortune 100 clients nationwide.• Design and Implement Novell Directory Services (NDS) for fortune100 clients.• Configure and install Cisco, Kalpana, Synoptics, Wellfleet, Nortel switches and routers.• Migrate users from IBM Lotus notes to MS Exchange server. (Fortune 100 clients) • On-site system engineering or consulting work for fortune 100 clients.• Provide technical support to sales personnel and accompany sales staff.• Specialize in the design of wide area network involving LAN to LAN connectivity as well as dissimilar systems including AS400, mainframe, UNIX, etc.• Successfully completed project involving designing and installing 5-node to 1000-node systems with 50+ remote sites (Fortune100 clients).Systems Engineer, CNESEARS BUSINESS CENTERS - Manhasset, NY - 1991 to 1993Performed network design/implementation, technical and customer support.• Install and Configure Microsoft NT and Novell Netware ( 3X, 4X etc.) servers.• Design and configure Kalpana, 3Com and Synoptics switches for Local LAN's.• Design and Implement Novell Netware and Group-wise E-mail servers.• Use Novell Netware to connect and configure Windows NT workstations to IBM main frame, AS400 and UNIX Server platform.• Configure and implement Compaq System-Pro servers for Novell Netware, IBM OS/2• Implement and configure Ethernet and IBM -Token ring topology.• Write a detailed proposal and specification on local area networking.Systems Engineer CNE / InstructorNSSI, INC - New York, NY - 1990 to 1991Taught Novell CNE classes (2.15, 3.11) and performed system engineering help for the sales staff. • Create DOS based batch solution to connect users to shared resources.• Migrate user from MS LAN Manager to Novell Netware.• Hardware and software troubleshooting on Novell Netware and local LAN.EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Electrical-Electronics EngineeringNEW YORK INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGOY - Old Westbury, NY 1990ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Software CertificationsNovell Master CNENovell CNEMicrosoft MCPMicrosoft MCSENortel Networks - RoutersNortel Networks - Network Management Software Cisco RoutersCisco Switches Compaq-HP ASE Websense - CTSE v7.7