Bill ChangSoftware Developer - Bruker DaltonicsFremont, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Bill-Chang/15021c3ef1d829c7• 15+ years of experience with Designing, Enhancing, Deployment, Automation, Maintenance and Continuous optimization of software systems successfully and participated in all phases of project management and software development to implement enterprise applications, processes and procedures.• Experience in Object Oriented Analysis Design and methodologies using UML concepts with tools like Rational Rose use of Rational Rose for implementing UML, OOAD concepts.• Experience with Test Driven Development (TDD) and Agile Scrum methodologies of project management. • Experience with full life cycle of software development: use cases, requirements, high level design, low level design, implementation and testing for various packages.• Proficient in converting the scientific requirements into functional requirements.• Excellent communication skills, highly organized, dedicated and excellent team player.• Highly proficient in .Net, C#, C, C++, Iron Python, Logic Analyzer, Oscilloscope• Extensive experience in developing real-time, multi-threaded scientific Instrument applications.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperBruker Daltonics - Fremont, CA - July 2012 to Present• Next Gen MS driver (Mass Spectrometer) using C#, WCF and Nunit unit testing. Iron Python script interaction with c#.• Maintained and debugged legacy C++ MS driver• Maintained and debugged board level controlled firmware on MS system (DSP, PIC, and Armed chip)AccomplishmentsDeveloped the next generation software of Mass Spectrometer system in .Net platform (C#) to replace legacy driver.Skills UsedC,C++, C#, Iron PythonSenor Software EngineerESI-New Wave - Fremont, CA - August 2004 to July 2012Responsibilities• Next-Generation Wafer-Scribing software using C#, owning Motion control system communicating with multiple stage controllers (ACR9000, ACS)• Maintained and debugged front-end Wafer-Scribing Laser System equipment using Delphi• Laser controller firmware development with PICmicro Microcontrollers, using PIC assembly and C• Maintained and debugged Serial remote controller box firmware for controlling lasers using dynamic C with an embedded Rabbit 2000 processor board• Maintained and debugged PC-based software for controlling and configuring various Nd:YAG lasers using Delphi• Onsite customer support to resolve revenue critical issues which allowed successful launch of tools into production￼Software EngineerBrooks-PRI Automation Inc - Mountain View, CA - September 2000 to November 2003Robotic controller firmware development under VxWorks OS, using C/C++ and Java languages• Maintained and tested the multiple existing firmware branches in C language on DOS, embedded in the robotic system controller, performed bug fixing and debugging, worked on various firmware modifications on customers demands• Maintained and debugged user graphical interface windows application program to the controller using Visual C++Software EngineerQuester Technology Inc - Fremont, CA - September 1998 to September 2000Code development of Atmospheric Chemical Vapor Deposition system under VxWorks real-time OS with VME bus architecture.• Secs/Gem code with GWGem C++ support interface using Visual C++Software EngineerMatrix Integrated Systems Inc - Richmond, CA - February 1998 to August 1998Designed and Developed DeviceNet driver under VxWorks real-time OS system using C and C++ (GNU).• Worked on sub-module programs for wafer stripper equipment (process and motion modules) with Real-time network protocols DeviceNet components.Software EngineerFour Dimensions Inc - Hayward, CA - January 1996 to February 1998Firmware development of four point probe machine, a wafer testing equipment measuring sheet resistivity, using Z80 assembly language.• Designed and developed user interface programs for Genmark and MECS robots using Visual Basic.EDUCATIONB.S. in Computer Science and EngineeringUniversity of California - Davis, CA December 1995ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkills:- Windows XP/2000, Unix, VxWorks, TNT Pharlap- Delphi and Microchip PIC Assembly- C, C++, JAVA, C#, .NET, Z80 Assembly and VB- OO Design, multi-threaded embedded applications- TCP/IP, Secs/Gem, DeviceNet, Robotics(Genmark, Equipe, MECS, etc.), GALIL motion control- Logic Analyzer, Oscilloscope- Fluency in Mandarin