Bogdan Constantin SOFTWARE DEVELOPER - ADVANTIX SYSTEMSCity of Sunrise, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Bogdan-Constantin/6c9632447b87bddcWORK EXPERIENCESOFTWARE DEVELOPERADVANTIX SYSTEMS - City of Sunrise, FL - July 2014 to PresentDesign, implement and maintain a SCADA (Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition) platform with HMI (HumanMachine Interface) to enable the support department to remote troubleshoot equipment in the field and help the engineering and research departments to improve and optimize equipment performance:• Configure the controllers and modems for secure network communication; Machine to Machine (M2M) • Optimize OPC server for efficient communication using specialized software, KEPServerEX.• Design and manage the relational database associated to this platform• Design the user interface and functionality• Enable the automatic generation and e-mailing of reports of the system's performance• Design and develop a suite of mobile applications using Xcode 6.0 and Swift programming language that enabletechnicians perform maintenance on equipment in the field more accurately and efficiently.RESEARCH ASSISTANTMASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY - Cambridge, MA - 2012 to 2014Developed and enhanced a global chemical transport model using FORTRAN code, which will be applied as part of theFAA project to develop policy to mitigate aircraft emissions' impact on human health and the environment.• Improved the code's capability to produce more accurate sensitivity of outputs with respect to input variables with ahigher degree of confidence by implementing the complex-step method.• Used to validate the adjoint code of the global chemical transport model and generate higher order sensitivities.EDUCATIONMasters of Science in Aeronautics and AstronauticsMASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY - Cambridge, MA 2012 to 2014Bachelor of Science in Aerospace EngineeringSYRACUSE UNIVERSITY - Syracuse, NY 2008 to 2012SKILLSSkills • Automation Software: Inductive Automation's Ignition Platform - Certificate of Completion Ignition Advanced Course • Computer Scripting Languages: MatLab, FORTRAN, Java, Swift/Objective-C, SQL, Python, Perl (RegEx) • Computer aided design: Xcode, Pro-Engineer, Solid Works • Telemetry • Database￼design and management • OPC UA (Object Linking and Embedding for Process Control), KEPware; KEPServerEXPUBLICATIONSApplication of the complex step method to chemistry-transport modelinghttp://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1352231014008061December 2014Sensitivity analysis in atmospheric chemistry-transport modeling is used to develop understanding of the mechanisms by which emissions affect atmospheric chemistry and composition, to quantify the marginal impact of emissions on air quality, and for other applications including improving estimates of emissions, developing fast first order air quality models, and validating adjoint models. Forward modeling sensitivities have predominantly been calculated using the finite difference approach, i.e. where the results of two separate simulations are subtracted. The finite difference approach incurs truncation and cancellation errors, which mean that exact sensitivities cannot be calculated and even approximate sensitivities cannot always be calculated for a sufficiently small perturbation (e.g. for emissions at a single location or time). Other sensitivity methods can provide exact sensitivities, but require the reformulation of non-linear steps (e.g. the decoupled direct method) or the development of adjoints of entire codes (partly automatically and partly manually). While the adjoint approach is widely applied and has significant utility in providing receptor-oriented information, in some applications the source-oriented information of forward approaches is needed. Here we apply an alternative method of calculating sensitivities that results in source-oriented information as with the finite difference approach, requires minimal reformulation of models, but enables near-exact computation of sensitivities. This approach – the complex step method – is applied for the first time to a complete atmospheric chemistry-transport model (GEOS-Chem). (The complex step method has been previously used in validating the adjoint of an aerosol thermodynamic equilibrium model.) We also introduce the idea of combining complex- step and adjoint sensitivity analysis (for the first time in any context to our knowledge) to enable the direct calculation of near-exact second order sensitivities.￼