Brian Bloodworth Attorney - Trovillion, Inveiss & DemakisSan Diego, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Brian-Bloodworth/e5aa9aa098fe2be4WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyTrovillion, Inveiss & Demakis - San Diego, CA - January 2011 to PresentSpecialization in Workers' Compensation Law. Represent insurance companies, third party administrators, and self- insured employers in defense of workers' compensation claims. Prepare and file Trial Briefs, Petitions for Reconsideration, and Response to Petition for Review in California Court of Appeal with success. Research and analyze significant past and current case law. Appear in various jurisdictions for conferences, hearings, and trials infront of Workers' Compensation Judges. Manage active case load. Attend numerous depositions deposing witnesses to record their statement under oath to investigate any previous related injuries, address causation issues,job duties at the time of injury, work restrictions, and determine the injured workers' level of credibility. Provide legal advice to claims adjusters from inception of case through settlement/trial/appeal. Obtain substantial medicalevidence regarding work restrictions and job duties to provide to employer for interactive process. Assess each matter at all stages of litigation to provide ongoing recommendations for case strategy and settlement. Draft articles on Workers' Compensation Law for publishing in the firm's e-newsletter.Legal InternLaw Offices of Randall C. Rechs - Del Mar, CA - January 2010 to April 2010Developed an understanding of case management and strategy for personal injury and medical malpractice cases.Drafted pleadings such as complaints, motions, and trial briefs to be filed with the courts. Performed initial client intake interviews with potential clients. Gathered and compiled information for Discovery requests. After requesting from medical providers, searched through clients' medical history and used facts of the case to draft and send out demand letters. Observed mediations and depositions.North County Lifeline - Vista, CA - September 2009 to November 2009MediatorResponsible for helping parties collaborate and arrive at a mutually agreeable solution to a problem or dispute inSmall Claims Court as a neutral third-party. Mediated within a confidential setting and handled professional responsibility situations. Facilitated interactive discussions between the parties. Identified areas of compromise and provided direction to avenues for settlement as a result. Drafted court binding agreements that were reviewed andauthorized by a Commissioner. Explained different legal documents and legal processes after mediation depending on settlement. Observed Commissioner-led direct examination and cross-examination during case- in-chiefpresentation to Court.Professional• Member, State Bar of California, in good standing (Bar Number 272664)• Member, American Bar Association￼• Member, San Diego County Bar AssociationEDUCATIONJuris Doctor in Creative Problem SolvingCalifornia Western School of Law - San Diego, CA April 2010The University of Arizona - Tucson, AZ September 2009