Brian AlverioWeb Developer - Free State GroupKansas City, MO - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Brian-Alverio/2160e32536a4a3b3WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperFree State Group - Kansas City, MO - 2005 to PresentDevelopment Tools/CMS, Client Meetings and Update Utilities:• Utilized Basecamp, Dreamweaver, Remote Desktop, Filezilla, WinSCP, Google chat, Net Meeting software, FTP Protocols and all server-side setup requirements including IP allocation, IIS67 setup with special script allowance and SSL install.Developer/Programming Duties:• Utilized Photoshop, HTML5, CSS3, platform rendering portals (mobile), and Java Script for website development and CMS integration with custom selections.• Developed websites utilizing (but not limited to) XHTML standards and table-less configurations utilizing, HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, JavaScript and ASP.Net. (web kit programming and mobiles version built either with custom script detections or @media queries with responsiveness)• Developed and programmed sites to be Cross platform compliant and adhere to business standards.• Coded custom programs using Jquery, VB Script, VB.Net and ASP.NET and SQL that integrated within the custom CMS program, such as widgets, social media plug-ins, client specific tools (web forms, payment solutions, dynamic page layout initiated through CMS toggles)• Custom built web switches within company CMS system utilizing Java Script/JQuery and VB.net.• Programmed server side VB Update scripts for mass client folder updates, file change, open- read, overwrite and append procedures.• Built responsive mobile websites with CSS width (@media) or Javascript detection for a robust and responsive solution that was cross platform compliant and consistent.Server Side Duties (Primarily Microsoft Server but some on Apache): • DNS Management• Email server management• IIS6-7 Management• TCPIP• SSL install/upgrade• VB Script Updates• Server-Side website root management • FTP solution managementCMS:• Word Press • xPort CMS • Magento• UmbracoPortal Tools:• Webgility POS￼Management Duties:• Managing an offshore PHP and .Net development team of 5 through BaseCamp PM software.• Projects typically followed standard SDLC with weekly sprints (Friday) to confirm that week's milestone - upon delivery there were also scheduled maintenance follow-ups. Training was promptly schedule d for the CMS and website special functionalities that I also was in charge of handling.• Help with Project Manager responsibilities including meeting with clients in the initial scope development of a project, determine the WBS for my team and allocate resources such as sever permissions, communication channels for clients and Developers (primarily BaseCamp). After initial in-person meetings are complete I follow up via Net Meetings and deliver weekly reports to my stakeholders.• Provide technical support to each of customers. Responsible for website integration.• Importing and exporting customer data with the CMS tool.• Responsible for all the training of the customers of their websites and their tools.Designing Roles:• UI/UX Graphic work with Photoshop for web content adjustments • Logo upgrades• UI/UX Web Structures• UI/UX development Content blocksEDUCATIONAssociates in Computer ProgrammingUniversity of PhoenixOctober 2011 to February 2013BS in Software EngineeringUniversity of PhoenixManagementSever Data center OperationsLINKS http://www.brianalverio.com￼