Bryant Shetler Recent MBA GraduateSimpsonville, SC - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Bryant-Shetler/6a33babca731b5a4SALES MANAGEMENTCustomer Service • Retail Sales & Marketing • Sales AdministrationSkillful, results-oriented sales professional eager to build on training and experience in account management, customer relations, and wholesale / retail sales. Demonstrated capacity to support corporate communications, sales and marketing strategies and build programs to attract new business and grow customer base. Committed to expanding company operational success and improving the bottom line.CORE COMPETENCIES • Client-focused Sales• Sales Administration• Public Relations• Productive Leadership• Account Generation• Technology Proficiency• Organization & Communication • Marketing & Advertising• Training & MentoringWORK EXPERIENCEMBA StudentCharleston Southern University - Charleston, SC - August 2012 to December 2014ResponsibilitiesCHARLESTON SOUTHERN UNIVERSITY- Charleston, South CarolinaStudentGraduated with a Masters of Business Administration, with an emphasis in FinanceAccomplishments 3.81 GPAStore Co-Manager & Manager Engineered Wood Products Program84 LUMBER CO - Bridgeville, PA - 2010 to July 201284 LUMBER CO. – Bridgeville, PennsylvaniaManager, 8/2010-7/2012Promoted to co-manage a branch of the country’s leading privately held building materials and services supplier, with 250 stores and 3,400 employees nationwide.Directed a team of 15 staff members in the Bridgeville store and the Engineered Wood Products (EWP) program in Pittsburgh, PA. Managed sales, coordinated shipments, ordered stock, maintained inventory control, facilitated transfer of products from 15 area stores, and scheduled manpower. Communicated daily with corporate office on sales metrics and issues identified and resolved. Negotiated with vendors on prices￼and promotions. Set quotas and informed sales team of policy and procedural changes. Trained new hires and charted progress.Key Achievements:〓Effectively implemented new procedures and protocols to streamline sales and services. 〓Successfully operated in the unique dual capacity as store Co-manager and EWP Manager. 〓Assisted in all aspects of launching the EWP program in July 2011.Management Trainee84 LUMBER CO - West Mifflin, PA - 2006 to 2010Served as department manager and sales associate for company with over $4 billion annual sales• Participated in managing operations including sales, customer service, profit and loss, inventory management, marketing, vendor communications, and maintaining records• Increased customer sales through cold calls and referrals• Assisted customers through interpreting blueprints and providing cost estimations and product options• Recorded all estimates, sales calls, schedules, and correspondence as well as operated machinery a required• Recognized for excellent customer service and prompt issue resolution• Received Salesman of the Month Award 6 timesBusiness StudentOHIO UNIVERSITY - Athens, OH - 2001 to 2006Successfully completed business courses including accounting, quantitative analysis, general management, information systems, business law, finance, marketing, operations, business administration, and economics • Served as project lead for classroom and lab assignments• Selected for and participated in 10 Week Business Cluster Program• Achieved high graduating GPA and Dean's List honor• Member of team program presenting solutions to a panel of executives and faculty members• Developed companies' success strategies through collaboration with other students and researching global marketsHeld several temporary positions while completing business studies including: Landscape Design Assistant; Design & Marketing Associate; Parking Enforcement Officer; Cashier; and Hard Goods Associate.EDUCATIONMBA in FinanceCharleston Southern University - Charleston, SC 2012 to 2014Bachelor of Business AdministrationOhio University - Athens, OH 2006