Carlos Padín Pérez Lawyer - Padín Law OfficesToa Baja, PR - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Carlos-Padin-Perez/a3a13b7ea0151860WORK EXPERIENCELawyerPadín Law Offices - 1997 to PresentResponsibilities: General Litigation (State, Federal, Administrative cases and Notary Public), External Lawyer for the Municipality of San Juan. (12 years)LawyerVan Rhyn, Morales Sánchez & Velázquez Law Offices - 1996 to 1997Responsibilities: General Litigation (State, Federal, Administrative cases and Notary Public).LawyerMachargo, Del Valle & De la Rosa Law Offices - 1993 to 1996Responsibilities: General Litigation (State, Federal, and Administrative cases) Notary Public.LawyerMontanez & Alicea Law Offices - 1992 to 1993Responsibilities: General Litigation (State, Federal and Administrative); Bankruptcy cases, Foreclosure of MortgageLiaison PersonMulti-District Litigation - 1988 to 1991Responsibilities: This position requires coordinating and managing all legal documents between the court and lawyers. Coordinate meetings between lawyers. Be in charge of personnel who were responsible for making copies of all legal documents and delivering to the lawyers and law firms such documents. Meet with the press and informing the development of the case. Coordinate with the Depository Office the access to lawyers, public and press the review of documents storage in the depository room. Meet on a daily basis with court personnel, Depository director and lead counsel of defendants to discuss deadlines and time frames order by the court and the rules of civil procedures. Prepare reports for the lawyers and the court has to the financial affairs of the Liaison Office and Depository Offices as well.Intake ClerkUS District Court - 1981 to 1988Responsibilities: Receive, review legal documents file in the Clerk Office in order to consider if the same were file properly. Attending General Public, filing, and docketing documents;EDUCATIONHigh School diplomaSan Antonio College 1974Science￼Regional College of Aguadilla (University of Puerto Rico)BachelorRecinto Universitario de MayagüezJuris DoctorInteramerican UniversityADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkills:Fully Bilingual: (English/Spanish) Knowledge in Computer