Carol Cannon Savage Meticulous Finance ProfessionalColumbia, MD - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Carol-Cannon-Savage/34f2b090e2712bddFinance Executive with expertise in expense management, including designing and implementing fiscal controls. MBA with international experience and proven effectiveness in developing financial procedures and systems to increase productivity and decrease human error, while providing flexible standards for future growth. Strengths include organizational skills, applying financial insight to operational problems, on-time delivery in demanding environments, leading change and developing talent. Experienced in accounting and financial reporting systems, including Hyperion, Essbase, P2P and Actuate. Expertise includes:• Expense Management• Regulatory Compliance• Vendor Relations• Financial Reporting• Budget Analysis• Process Re-engineering• Financial Analysis• Financial Modeling• FX and Treasury ProductsWORK EXPERIENCEFinance ManagerSBM Site Services - March 2014 to February 2015Volunteer CoordinatorEssex County Parks System - July 2012 to January 2014Gardener & Donor Database ManagerEssex County Parks System - 2012 to 2013Vice President, Sales and Marketing ControllerCITIGROUP, INC - Long Island City, NY - February 2006 to April 2011Managed over $275MM of marketing and controllable expenses for retail branch network including online consumer and small business banking products and services. Provided expert advice on budget and forecast management to 30+ marketing program managers. Coordinated long term sponsorship contracts, customer incentives and reward processing, and vendor payments. Delivered concise monthly and ad-hoc presentations for senior management review and strategic meetings.• Reduced monthly reporting time from 5 days to 2 days, while improving the accuracy of flash-to-actuals variance to 0.20%.• Implemented savings of $1.2MM annually by analyzing printing and postage contracts and payment processes.• Reduced monthly variance of actuals to budgets by standardizing marketing finance reports and procedures while maintaining flexibility to accommodate changing marketing environment.• Developed and conducted bi-annual training for 80+ marketing staff on how to manage, report and pay marketing expenses.￼Assistant Vice President, Control OfficerCITIGROUP, INC - Long Island City, NY - October 2002 to January 2006Oversaw internal and external audits, reported results and managed follow-ups for the Consumer Treasury and Diners Club International units. Provided compliance and audit support to newly acquired business units. Key member representing all North America consumer units on corporate-wide committee focusing on business unit balance sheets and intercompany controls.• Developed system for working across departments to monitor compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley, FDICIA, COSO and other banking and credit card regulations.• Implemented intercompany monitoring procedures for both balance sheet and income statement accounts.Financial Management Associate IIICITIGROUP, INC - New York, NY - November 2001 to October 2002Provided analysis to develop economic capital and operational risk models during final rotation of Corporate CFO-sponsored Financial Management Associate program. Tested initial economic capital methodology in trial countries.• Analyzed corporate-wide issuance of guarantees resulting in a centralized product group.• Implemented standard procedures to comply with FAS 133 requirements for the corporation's debt issuance. • Developed procedures to maintain Treasury FAS 133 documentation from first rotation.Financial Management Associate IICITIGROUP, INC - Hong Kong, Hong Kong Island - May 2001 to November 2001Citigroup, Inc. - Country Treasury, Hong Kong, ChinaUpdated and reviewed product programs, FX rate models and transfer pricing documentation during international rotation of Corporate CFO-sponsored Financial Management Associate Program.• Constructed 4 debt repricing models for back office treasury use.• Cross-trained on Asia/Pacific warrants desk as back-up trader.Financial Management Associate ICITIGROUP, INC - New York, NY - July 2000 to April 2001Selected as one of 12 MBA graduates nationwide for the Corporate CFO-sponsored Financial Management Associate Program. Served as FAS 133 project manager for corporate treasury program hedge documentation.• Conducted post settlement discovery on FAS 133 related assets acquired through purchase of Associates & Co.• Provided preliminary balance sheet and capital charge analyses before incoming Citigroup Treasurer established a broader committee.AssociateBanc of America Securities, LLC - 1999 to 1999 1999Morgan Stanley Dean Witter - 1996 to 1998 Funding Desk - 1994 to 1996Federal Home Loan Banks - 1992 to 1994EDUCATIONM.B.A. in FinanceCornell University - Ithaca, NY 2000B.B.A. in FinanceHoward University - Washington, DC 1992