Chad Dehmler, MBA, PMP Tax Associate - H&R Block PremiumBrooksville, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/f07539ddc43b5e5cExceptional "roll-your-sleeves-up" multicultural leader who motivates, trains, and ensures adherence to company policies. Organized self-motivator with ability to communicate at all levels of management with talent for process improvement and methodical project management resulting in cost savings, improved productivity and customer satisfaction.CORE QUALIFICATIONS• Proven business development of multinational ecommerce business• Pharmaceutical Documentation and Quality Expert, ISO 9000 and cGMP• Demonstrated ability to manage business budget• Covey Leadership and Time Management principles• Interdisciplinary skills to mediate between IT specialists and senior management • Accomplished trainer with motivating presentation skills• Entrepreneurial attitude and experience• Advanced IT literacyAuthorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCETax AssociateH&R Block Premium - Brooksville, FL - December 2014 to PresentWithin six weeks, attained potential client list of over 300 clients through active local marketing.• Created and presented small business management and tax seminar for 45 local academy students.• Completed 60 tax returns for corporate and personal clients after conducting confidential tax interviews.Project Manager and General ManagerEurolibros Mobi SL - Madrid, Madrid - September 2001 to September 2014Madrid, Spain• Developed SRS & DDS documents in compliance to corporate SDLC process to develop internal database system using MySQL to control inventory and sales management in an international environment.• Implemented ecommerce support services via COTS applications for inventory and sales management for multinational ecommerce business.• Motivated and provided training to up to 10 team members in business development, project management and day to day operations both in presence and via Webex.• Used Microsoft Project in accordance with PMI® methodologies to develop and maintain up to 4 concurrent project plans of $400,000.Professor of Business and EconomicsEurolibros Mobi SL - Madrid, Madrid - September 2001 to May 2002Developed challenging but attainable computer lessons that mirrored real life business IT situations for freshmen and sophomore college students using software such as Microsoft Office, MathLab and HTML.￼Project Manager and Quality ConsultantChad J. Dehmler - Dansville, NY - January 1998 to May 2001Controlled qualification and validation of installation of Manugistics. Oversaw the development and revision of protocols (IQ/OQ/PQ) and operating procedures. Provided user training.• Developed software quality control plan for $2 million installation project of Manugistics.• Designed and created Electronic Documentation Management System to meet ISO 9001 and GMP (21CFR11 & 21CFR820) requirements using Adobe Acrobat. Ensured adherence to SDLC.• Wrote 60 operating procedures for Bausch & Lomb's Global Records Management Department. Interfaced with technical department to ensure proper importation to Documentum (EDMS).• Applied knowledge of regulatory and corporate requirements regarding computer system validation. Completed and coordinated remediation activities ranging from documentation preparation to the collaboration with key system owners in IT, QA, and Supply Chain Management.Documentation AnalystBausch & Lomb, Inc - Rochester, NY - December 1995 to December 1997Wrote and edited documents using Information Mapping to ensure compliance to GMP and ISO requirements. Promoted teamwork and open communication.• Played integral part in establishing an Electric Documentation Management System for global access and developed training manual for worldwide dissemination.• Provided internal auditing of Plant Quality Manuals and operating procedures. Assisted in the development Bill of Materials system controlling artwork, engineering diagrams and specifications for plant manufacturing. • Designed more effective processing of specification change control and distribution process to eliminate processing time.Professional Temp- September 1994 to December 1995registered at several temp agencies to take most challenging and rewarding assignments.Administrative AssistantSchiller International University - Madrid, Madrid - September 1993 to May 1994 Madrid, Spain.TempManpower International Temporary Services - Rochester, NY - December 1992 to September 1993 and Lansing, MI.Office Manager/WriterResumé Wrider - July 1992 to December 1992 Heidelberg, Germany.Math and Science TutorCorning Community College - Corning, NY - September 1991 to May 1992EDUCATIONMBA in Information Technology and BBA International BusinessSchiller International University - Dunedin, FLAS in Business AdministrationCorning Community College - Corning, NYADDITIONAL INFORMATION COMPUTER SOFTWARE SKILLSMicrosoft Office Expert, Microsoft Project, Manugistics, Manugistics Collaborate, VBA & VBScript, HTML, Adobe Acrobat, Documentum, Basic Visio, Basic SQL / MySQL. Webex. Xero.