Chaitanya KSoftware Developer - Altruista HealthNew York, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Chaitanya-K/7d7e9bf3f633c674• 8 years of IT experience in the Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation and Testing Client/Server applications using Microsoft SQL Server 2005/2008/2008R2/2012 and Business Intelligence Suite.• Extensive experience in T-SQL to write: stored procedures, triggers, functions, tables (including Partitioned Tables), views, indexes and relational database models.• Experience developing and monitoring ETL Packages and DTS packages using SQL server Integration Services (SSIS), developing reporting solutions using SQL Reporting Services (SSRS), creating cubes for analysis using SQL server Analysis Services (SSAS)• Created SSIS packages to perform Extract, Transform and Load data from various heterogeneous sources and destinations like Excel, Access, CSV, SharePoint, Oracle, Tera data and flat files using tasks and transformations provided by SSIS.• Expertise in extracting, transforming and loading (ETL) of data using SSIS/DTS Packages and BCP Utility for importing and exporting data with format files.• Hands on experience in creating OLAP cubes and developing complex calculations, Aggregations, implementing dynamic security model using MDX functions in SSAS.• Extensive experience in data migration between homogeneous & heterogeneous systems using various tools (Bulk Insert, BCP, DTS and SSIS)• Experienced in writing Parameterized Queries for generating Tabular reports, Formatting report layout, Sub reports using Global Variables, Expressions, Functions, Sorting the data, Defining Data Source and subtotals for the reports using SSRS 2012/2008R2/2008/2005.• Created Parameterized, Drill down and Drill through reports, cross tab reports, Sub Reports, Summary Reports and charts using variables and expressions.• Extensively used performance monitor/SQL profiler to solve dead locks/long running queries.• Experience in creating Jobs, Alerts, SQL Mail Agent, Database Mail and Scheduled DTS and SSIS Packages based on Business or application needs• Experience in migration of Data in Excel, Flat file and Teradata to and from MS SQL Server by using SQL Server SSIS• Good experience using SQL server data tools.• Thorough understanding of OOPS programming style with respect to C# language.• Thorough understanding of each phase of software development life cycle (SDLC)• Excellent verbal and written skills and ability to document based on target audience (Managerial, functional, technical users)• Experience and ability to coordinate/Communicate within team and outside team based on project requirementsWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperAltruista Health - Reston, VA - September 2014 to PresentInvolved in development of care management solutions for health plans and providers. Developed and delivered software tools, data analytics and support services that help streamline clinical and administrative processes, improve patient outcomes and reduce avoidable healthcare costs.Responsibilities:￼• Imported and Extracted data from various sources such as flat file, access, SQL server and loaded those data into SQL server to build various reports.• Developed Complex Queries using different SQL joins and T-SQL Queries.• Creating Tabular, Matrix reports (also called as crosstab or pivot), Charts and graphs as per customer requirements Using SSRS.• Used BCP utilities, Data Transformation Services (DTS), Extract Transform Loading tool (SSIS) to populate data from various data sources, created packages for different data loading operations for application.• Created configuration Tables, Stored Procedure, User Defined Function in SQL Server Management Studio to support the whole SSIS process workflow.• Designed, Developed and Deployed reports in MS SQL Server environment using SSRS• Developed Windows form application using C#.Net and SQL Server to extract the patient demographics.• Working experience on Medicare/Medicaid/QNXT environment.• Developed programs using C#.Net, Business Objects and Entity spaces according to the business logic provided by the clients.• Involved in discussions with the clients to understand the project requirements.• Involved in complete Software development life cycle (SDLC) of the project including Analysis, design, develop, deployment, test, implement and production.Environment: MS SQL Server, T-SQL, SQL Server Management Studio, Visual Studio, Business Objects, Entity Spaces, , MS SQL Reporting Service (SSRS), MS SQL Integration Service (SSIS), MS SQL Analysis Service (SSAS), MS Excel, T-SQL, UNIX, MS Access.SSRS DeveloperHighmark - Pittsburgh, PA - February 2012 to September 2014Responsibilities:➢ Work closely with application developers in database design.➢ Wrote SQL Queries, SQL Stored Procedures, Views, Functions and Cursors as needed.➢ Used SSIS to create ETL packages (.dtsx files) to validate, extract, transform and load data to data warehouse databases, data mart databases.➢ Converted ETL from DTS to SSIS.➢ Used SSIS packages, DTS, and bulk inserts for importing and exporting of data.➢ Performed daily backups and restoring of data whenever necessary.➢ Good understanding of Microsoft Reporting Service (SSRS) with Report authoring, Report management, Report delivery and Report security.➢ Performed efficient tuning of SQL source queries for data load/ Usage of stored procedures for performance.Environment: MS SQL Server 2005/2008, Windows 2003/2008, SSIS, SQL Server, Management Studio, SQL Server Business Intelligence studio, Microsoft Excel and Access.SSIS/SSRS DeveloperLiberty Mutual Insurance - Dover, NH - January 2011 to February 2012Responsibilities:➢ Worked as part of a team for gathering and analyzing Business Requirements Participated actively in designing the system database structure.➢ Involved in the optimization of SQL queries which resulted in substantial performance improvement➢ Write Stored Procedures and triggers as and when needed to convert data logically as per the business requirements.➢ Configured with checkpoints, package logging, error logging and event handling to redirect error rows and fix the errors in SSIS➢ Developed custom components in SSIS Using C#.➢ Worked with SSIS Execute SQL task, script task, data flow tasks, look up, conditional split, script component, row count, union all, multicast, derived column transformations and written T-SQL and Visual Basic (VB) and ASP.NET scripts.➢ Generated Event Detail Report in SSRS 2008 R2 using Global Variables, Expressions and Functions for the reports.➢ Created Cross-Tab, Drill-down and Sub-Report using RDL. Promoted RDLs to Reporting Service Server ➢ Worked on Report Builder 3.0 to generate canned reports for the users.➢ Designed Action Item Report using Pivot-tables, bar-charts, Line-charts andPie-charts on data from cubes and SQL Server in Excel 2007.➢Generated multiple Enterprise reports using SSRS from SQL Server Database (OLTP) and included various reporting features such as group by, drilldowns, drill through, sub-reports, navigation reports (Hyperlink) etc. ➢ Report parameters included single valued parameters, multi-value parameters which also consisted of different parameter types like hidden, internal, default (queried and non-queried parameters)➢ Involved in testing of Business Objects Reports and Fix any ETL issues if exists.Environment: SQL Server 2005/2008 R2, T-SQL, Analysis Services (SSAS) 2008 R2, Reporting Services (SSRS) 2008 R2, Report Builder 3.0, Integration Services (SSIS) 2008 R2, MS Visual Studio.Net, C#, VB, Microsoft Visio, SQL Profiler, Enterprise Manager, Windows 2008 Server OS.BI DeveloperBank of America - Charlotte, NC - February 2009 to December 2010Responsibilities:➢ Involved in all the phases of SDLC.➢ Filtered bad data from legacy system using complex T-SQL statements, and implemented various types of Constraints and Triggers for Data Consistency.➢ Used Stored Procedures for updating Servers.➢ Used DDL and DML Triggers, Stored procedures to check the Data Integrity and verification at early stages before calling them.➢ Used SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and its tools to Extract, Transform and Load data into Data Ware House.➢ Used C# code in Script Task and Script Component.➢ Developed, deployed and monitored SSIS Packages. Involved in creating log files for SSIS packages.➢ Created SSIS Package configurations for executing in different environments.➢ Enabled Check points in SSIS package. Created break points in order to view the status of data, variables and over all status of SSIS package.➢ Extensively involved in designing the SSIS packages to export data of flat file source to SQL Server database.➢ Enhancing and deploying the SSIS Packages from development server to production server.➢ Developed and Deployed different types of Reports like List, Matrix, and Chart and Sub Reports etc.➢ Designed and developed parameterized reports, linked reports, matrix and tabular reports with drill down, drill through and drop down menu option using SSRS.➢ Created/ Maintained clustered/ non clustered Indexes for fast and efficient reporting process.➢ Used SSRS to create interactive reports with an ability to drill down into details.Environment: .NET 3.0, MS SQL Server 2005, SSIS, SSRS, T-SQL, Visual Studio 2005, MS Office 2003, SQL Profiler, Windows 2003/2008.BI DeveloperCIBER Inc - Pittsburgh, PA - January 2008 to February 2009Responsibilities:• Requirements gathering - Solution design.• Involved in the migration from SQL server 2000 to 2005.• Actively involved in Normalization of database.• Designed DDL and DML for MS SQL Server 2005.• Created rules, defaults, tables, views, clustered & non-clustered index, user defined data types, and user defined functions.• Actively designed the database to fasten certain daily jobs, stored procedures.• Optimized query performance by creating indexes.• Involved in writing SQL batch scripts.• Write T-SQL statements for retrieval of data and Involved in performance tuning of T-SQL.• Queries and Stored Procedures.• Involved in merging existing databases and designed new data models to meet the requirements.• Performed daily database backup & restoration and monitor the performance of Database Server.• Created joins and sub-queries for complex queries involving multiple tables.• Used DDL and DML for writing triggers, Stored Procedures, and data manipulation.• Installed and Configure SQL Server 2005 on development server for designing and testing.Environment: MS SQL server 2008, SSIS, DTS, SSRS, Profiler and Windows Server 2003Junior SQL DeveloperBHEL, HYD - January 2006 to December 2007Description: BHEL has an integrated health care system that offers patients a continuum of coordinated high-quality care. The system includes primary care and specialty physicians, community hospitals, specialty facilities, community health centers, and other health-related entities.• The project focused on developing a health care specific data-mart that enables the health care system to track the activities of existing patients to better serve them and offer them additional products and services.Responsibilities:• Complete analysis, requirement gathering and function design document creation.• Written various T-SQL Statements for the purpose of application development.• Responsible for the designing the advance SQL queries, procedure, cursor, triggers, scripts.• Collaborated with the application developers in data modeling and E-R design of the systems.• Also created, modified, maintained and optimized SQL server database.• Maintained the documents and create reports for the business analysts and end-users.• Responsible for the management of the database performance, backup, replication, capacity and security. • Coordinating user acceptance testing amongst business users.• Developed many T-SQL stored procedures, views, indexed views, UDF for business reporting.Environment: SQL Server 2000, T-SQL, and Windows XP/2000.EDUCATIONBachelor's in Computer ScienceJawaharlal Nehru Technological UniversityMasters in Computer ScienceUniversity of Central MissouriADDITIONAL INFORMATION Technical Skills:Languages T-SQL, C# .Net, C, C++, JavaDatabases MS SQL Server 2012/2008/2005, PL/SQL, MS Access, MS SQLSQL Server Tools SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS)Business Intelligence ToolsSQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Export & Import (DTS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)Applications MS Word, Excel, Power Point, OutlookWeb HTML, XML, ASP.NET, VBScriptIDE'S SQL Server Management Studio, Eclipse, Net Beans, Visual Studio Methodology Agile, Object-Oriented Analysis/Design, UML