Charles Raybon Network AdministratorPike Road, AL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Charles-Raybon/d50106b500150c49WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorIntegrated Computer Solutions - 2014 to 2014at DISA (CCC)Expert in the installation, operation and sustainment of Ethernet and fiber optic network communications systems including Routers, Switches, Firewalls, Load Balancers and related Local Area/Wide Area Networking equipment.* Serve as a network administrator and Local Area Network (LAN) and Wide Area Network (WAN) manager with responsibility for defining and executing the total breadth of network operations of an activity to ensure continuous availability and accessibility of the organization's LAN/WAN.* Ensure that the organization's network is capable of providing a wide range of services that are vital to the accomplishment of mission requirements.* Use Remedy Trouble Ticketing System to document incidents and change management procedures.* Configure and administer Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP), Domain Name Server (DNS), Windows Internet Naming Service (WINS), and Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) network support.* Maintain Cisco Secure ACS using TACACS and Radius for 900+ devices* Manage and configure switches, routers, firewalls, and content related (ACE, CSM, CSS) devices.Network Infrastructure SpecialistIntegrated Computer Solutions - 2013 to 2013at DISAResponsibilities include installing new network infrastructure, copper and fiber, on projects such as the enterprise email for the DOD. Maintaining and troubleshooting any and all issues related with network connectivity throughout DISA Montgomery. Working closely with PC Shop and CCC to ensure that the correct ports are turned up and working properly.* Put in new infrastructure for new users or added new drops to and existing user's workstation or server * Complied with regulations concerning "Secret" cabling.* Installed Single mode Multi mode fiber optics and Copper CAT 6 cabling* Installed over head conveyance to support the newly added infrastructure.IT Support SpecialistGulf Distributing - Mobile, AL - 2012 to 2012Responsibilities include Driving between 7 different locations in 2 different states. Provided everything from end user support to server maintenance. Maintained Desktop PC, Macs, Driver and Salesmen Handhelds. Also had to setup and deploy newly configured laptops, and driver/salesman equipment. There wasn't an issue that was technology related that I wasn't directly involved with. My Primary area was Montgomery at our Allstate Beverage location.* Managed Exchange, File, and IBM Iseries* Configured and Deployed over 80 Ipad mini's in a Tech refresh￼* Directly managed 35-40 Ipad mini's, and numerous Iphones* Managed and deployed MC 70's and ES400's (Driver Handheld Devices)* Became Proficient in the use of Apple Products including: Ipads, Iphones, Macbook Pros, and WAP Airports. * Managed 25 end users directly, plus remotely managed around 100 more* Setup VPN clients for executive level usersHelpdesk Systems AdministratorEnterprise IT Service Desk (ESD), The United States Air Force - Montgomery, AL - 2012 to 2012Responsibilities include providing tier 1 support for all Air Force Personnel by way of troubleshooting software issues, utilizing trouble ticketing support for documentation; performing changes (additions, modifications, deletions to) a military-grade, standardized Active Directory structure; performing remote assistance; and adhering closely to Standard Operating Procedures in a fast-paced work environment. Administered accounts through Active Directory and Directory Resource and Administration for the 845,000 users in the Air Force network.Redbull Sales RepresentativeAllstate Beverage Company - Montgomery, AL - 2010 to 2012Responsibilities include driving a Red bull truck on various routes, making product sales, delivering products to clients, and providing customer service.Communications TechnicianCrosby Communications - Montgomery, AL - 2010 to 2010Responsibilities include proper installation of hardware for building network infrastructure and security systems.EDUCATIONAssociate's in Computer Information SystemsTrenholm State Technical College - Montgomery, AL 2002 to 2005