Charles LongComputer & Network Technician - MiTech / Network Masters, LLCLas Vegas, NV - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Charles-Long/18490f9711aa9405Seeking an opportunistic and challenging position in the computer technical field with a growth oriented company that will utilize & challenge my skills.WORK EXPERIENCEComputer & Network TechnicianMiTech / Network Masters, LLC - August 2006 to PresentNetwork Masters was started by me and two others. Our goal was and still is to provide Computer and Network services to home users, home based businesses, and small businesses. As a technician I worked on all types of PCs both desktop and laptops. There was no problem that couldn't be fixed, and issues ranged from setting up new systems, upgrading memory, changing out motherboards, building new systems, and software set- ups both local and Network base applications. Getting rid of spyware and viruses was the most popular call second to hard driver failures. Networking for home and small offices using various routers switches, wireless devices, and cables depending on the customer's budget and needs was also a popular callRefresh TechnicianMiTech / Network Masters, LLC - February 2014 to December 2014Duties included Installation, replacement, reimaging of Dell computers PCs and Laptops daily; upgrading machines from XP to Windows 7, provide break/fix and troubleshooting to supported computer after refresh; troubleshoot computer problems locally & remotely. Data Migration from old pc to new pc, backup, Format, Imaging of computers, & troubleshooting in a fast paced environment with a high level of customer service skills adhering to internal protocals established by the IT department. I organized my own daily work assignments calling users and setting appointments.Bechtel Nevada - August 2005 to July 2006Bechtel brought me in to work on a major PC rollout that had fallen behind two to three months. My main responsibilities consisted of upgrading user's computers and to make that transition as seamless as possible. This includes making sure their data, software, & interface looked and worked as it did on their previous systems. Because of my background & experiences working with such projects I was able to assist in effectively streamlining the process used. We went from being 90 days behind schedule to completing the rollout ahead of schedule. While at Bechtel I also learned to set-up and work with some new applications, PeopleSoft, Cobra, and Novell Zenworks. The types of computers I work with are Dell SX270, SX280, GX260, GX620, D600, & D610.Technical Systems AnalystMGM Mirage - April 2005 to July 2005My responsibilities were to start and monitor backups, making sure the POS systems remained active through consist monitoring through a proactive monitoring system called Tivoli, and second level support for the helpdesk, we escalated the call if needed to the department responsible and assured that the problem was fixed. I worked the swing shift, where we were also responsible for running Audits. The systems I worked with at MGM were AS400, Tandem, & Stratus mainframes accessing them through OpenView, IBM client, TTWin for Stratus, and systems running Windows 2000/2003 PRO & Server, which we connected to via remote desktop to monitor and troubleshoot.￼Systems AdministratorCAM Commerce Solutions - January 2005 to March 2005At CAM I supported a user base of 45 people onsite and a number of other located in remote offices using Windows NT, 2000, and XP connecting to different resources on the network. This included Exchange 5.5, Linux servers using Putty from the client, print and files servers, remote Windows Terminal servers using Windows Remote desktop connection program. I also supported the retail side of CAM, which sold a POS product and hosted more than 100 retail web sites, which I was responsible for racking and setting up these 1U servers and ghosting the system using Norton Ghost Multicast. Backups also were my responsibility, using a DLT2 tape drive, and Verities Backup Exec 8.6Desktop Support/Network AdminCiphergen Biosystems, Inc - April 2000 to October 2004At Ciphergen my position included the everyday duties of a full IT support staff. As the second member of a two person team that supported 390 users in various locations both here in the US and abroad. My duties were to support our staff members with all their computer needs and issues, my duties included being Helpdesk, Desktop support, Telecom Administrator, and Network Administrator. Other responsibilities included setting up and tracking computer systems, dial-up accounts, and cell phone accounts. I also supported the software applications such as; Act 2000, Access 2000, Office 2000/XP/2003, AT&T Remote access and many others that were needed but weren't apart of the standard system installation. I administered a mixed Windows NT domain with Windows 2000 and 2003 servers; we used Exchange 5.5 running on a 2000 server. Other servers included RedHat, and a Lucent definite phone system administered through UNIX. I also handled backups using Backup Exec., 9.1 on an LTO tape library. We used Dell computers at Ciphergen and I supported hardware from Dell ranging from Laptops many models, Desktops, optiplex and Dimensions, and servers & storage solutions, PowerEdge and PowerVault systems. This was my longest running position and by far the most demanding I look forward to another position just as demanding.Desktop TechnicianTab Products Co - June 1999 to April 2000My duties were to setup, upgrade, and troubleshoot desktops and laptop computer equipment from HP, DELL, and others. I installed and configured applications of various functions such as, Goldmine, Client for AS/400, Outlook 97/98/2000, MS Remote Mail, Norton Antivirus 4.0/5.0/6.0, and MS Office 95/97/2000. The primary OS used was Windows 95B although Windows 98 was being implemented on some systems. The DELL Latitudes CP/Cpi/R-Series laptop configurations were the most complex, most of these systems went out to branch offices across the US and could only connect remotely to access e-mail, and other networked resources. These systems had to be configured to route through a firewall before being able to access the MS Exchange server, or the AS/400. I also acted as top-level support for escalated calls for the helpdesk.Technical SpecialistFenwick & West - March 1999 to June 1999As a member of the helpdesk support staff at Fenwick & West my duties were to assist users with all their computer needs, & issues. Applications supported were Outlook 98 connecting to Microsoft Exchange Server, MS Office95 integrated with a document tracking program called DOCSOPEN, on clients using Windows 95. My duties were to configure, upgrade, setup, & troubleshoot systems such as laptops from Fujitsu, AST, & DELL, also Desktops from Hitron, DELL, & others. With a standard ghost image the systems needed to be setup to connect to Windows NT and Novell 4.11 networks via network connection, and\or remote access. I also had Admin rights on the Novell Servers which allowed me to gain real world experience using NW Admin.System Software AnalystSRI International - September 1997 to January 1999My duties were to install software applications such as Office, Netscape, Anti-virus, and many others on MACs running System 7.xx & above and PCs running DOS/WIN95/NT40. I setup clients' systems to run applications that were network based and solved problems that caused the client base or network based applications not to function properly. I also setup client workstations for Network access to, UNIX, NT, and Novell servers. I setup network printing via TCP/IP, & HP JetAdmin. I configured clients to access mail from POP3, IMAP, & server base mail systems from a variety of mail clients. I created databases using Filemaker Pro, and assisted departments in setting up their own workgroups with security to share databases, files, and other devices such as printers. I documented steps needed to setup, or access a certain application, or Mainframe system. I also tracked users training requests and arranged training classes with outside venders for software packages such as MS Word, Excel, Netscape, & Windows 95. I researched Y2K compliance of software & hardware used at SRI on both PCs and MACs.Tech SupportGlobal Village - March 1997 to August 1997My duties were to handle first level support calls for retail PC hardware products. I also handled second level support for both retail, & OEM software packages. Hardware products supported include 33.6 Voice modem, 56k x2 Internal & External modems, and 56k PCMCIA modems. Software products supported were Focal Point 5.0/4.0, & FaxWorks 3.x. Focal Point 4.0 is an OEM product included with Dell systems. FaxWorks 3.0 is included in Packard Bell, and Gateway systems. PC Tech Support was new to Global Village and a call tracking system had not been implemented, as a result of this I created a call tracking system using MS Access.Mastering TechnicianKAO Infosystems - January 1996 to February 1997My duty was to create replications of original programs sent by the customers and setup the serialization process used to serialize such applications when requested by a customer. I was responsible for keeping the original disk secure from ill usage and corruption. I created text and graphics printed on disk labels, cards, bags, and product packaging. I supported hardware devices such as Zebra Thermal printers, Duplication systems, & computers for both office & manufacturing use. I updated Virus Scan software throughout the company on a monthly basis. KAO ran a 24/7 shift, and I was on call anytime there wasn't a mastering tech. on duty.Tech SupportCorporate System Center - June 1995 to January 1996Duties consisted of, telephone technical support, as well as on call technical support for CSC retail stores, (Disk Drive Depot). Supported mail order sales staff by answering technical question related to products. My main duties were to keep CSC products in the field by resolving installation and compatibility issues VIA phone, E-mail, or Fax for Computer systems based on DOS, Windows NT 3.5x, OS/2, Apple System, SCO, Linux.EDUCATIONSilicon Valley College May 1999 to March 2000certificate of completion in Computer TechnologySawyer Business College August 1993 to May 1994BusinessDelta Jr. College 1985 to 1986certificate of completionSilicon Valley College were - Silicon Valley, CAMaster's in ManagementInstitute includedADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkills: My computer skills are widely diversified and extend beyond what's in my resume in both work history & experiences. I am educated and experienced in the consolidation, installation, & troubleshooting of various computers, MAC and PC, their peripherals, and Software, which include but are not limited to the following:• Working with Domain controllers and backup Domain controllers on Windows servers NT, 2000, 2003.• Troubleshooting and editing system files, Config.sys, Autoexec.bat, Win.ini, System.ini, the Windows registry, and working with the Windows .msc files.• Editing Network files used by Novell Scripts, Net.cfg, Startup.ncf, and Autoexec.ncf.• Editing the Windows 95/98/ME, NT 4.0, 2000, XP, Vista registry variables for fixing problems and obtaining better performance.• Troubleshooting hardware, such as Hard Drives, CD-ROMs, memory, Video Card, modems, SCSI, Motherboards, network cards, etc.• Troubleshooting Network connectivity and performance issues.• Installing network based Application for multiple user connections.Computers80286/AT80386SX/DX80486/SX/DX Pentium/MMX/PRO/II/III/4/XEON Multiprocessor SystemsIntel & AMD Dual/Quad+ coresIBM/PS1/PS2/Aptiva CompaqDELLNECGateway LaptopsMacintosh/128/512/SE Macintosh LC Performa 475 to 6115 Power PC/6100/8100 iMACApple G3/G4/G5PeripheralsHard Drives IDE/SCSI CD-ROMS/DVDFloppy DrivesRemovable Media Devices Tape BackupsCD WritersModemsMemorySVGA Cards PCI/AGP Sound Card Controllers IDE/SCSI MotherboardsMonitorsKeyboardsPrintersScannersExternal Hard Drives Zip/Jazz DrivesComputer OS & Networking Windows 95/98SEWindows NT Workstation Windows NT ServerWindows 2000 Pro & XP Windows Vista & 7 / 8System 6.0.8 to OS 10.x.x Novell NetWare 3.x/4.xLinux Redhat 5.x/6.x SuSE 6.1Installing static IP/DHCP Installing Protocols Installing Network Printers Setting up NFS access Netmanage NFS 4.x & up Solstice NFS 3.xSybase Clientl Workgroup ComputingNetwork CardsHubsNetwork CablesNetwork PrintersRemote Access PPP & ARA Network SwitchesWireless AdaptersWireless Switches & RoutersSoftware Applications Windows 3.x/Workgroups MS Office (all versions) Coral OfficePhotoShop 5/6/7Ray Dream Studio 5Microsoft Access (all versions) FileMaker Pro 3.0/4.0McAfee Virus Scan Corporate Version Norton Anti-Virus & CorporateNorton UtilitiesQA Plus/FEProComm PlusPKZip for DOS/Windows XTree/PRO/GOLDAbraNetscapeMS IENetscape Messager Outlook (All Versions) QuickMail LAN/Pro Eudora 3.x/4.0MS Exchange 5.5/2000 MAS 200References are available upon request.