Chassity WellsTrade Marketing Manager - RJ ReynoldsRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Chassity-Wells/8ea666b9d6382f7cWORK EXPERIENCETrade Marketing ManagerRJ Reynolds - Syracuse, NY - February 2012 to PresentThrough the use of detail analysis and partnerships with specific retailers, I managed to increase product sales and distribution, develop consumer marketing brand strategies, create opportunities for consumer engagement, and increase brand awareness.• Sold and executed national/local marketing programs and initiatives within accounts.• Achieved 100% of my assigned quantitative & qualitative brand building goals.• Established credibility and built strong relationships with store managers/owners by providing consumer insights and guidance through the development of individualized business plans.• Participated in relationship marketing by conducting effective "1 to 1" Consumer Engagements through a thorough understanding of Consumer Marketing Brand Strategies.• Actively promoted a marketing mix through direct discussions with retailers using analytical proficiency and influencing skills to promote a beneficial business plan for RJRT and our retailers..Trade Marketing MBA InternGiorgio Armani - New York, NY - June 2012 to August 2012Collaborated with Customer Relationship Management, wholesale managers and retail managers to create new marketing strategies, develop loyalty programs, and plan events. Strategized new methods to increase the overall brand awareness of Giorgio Armani Brands.• Analyzed customer demographics and buying behavior including retention, acquisition, purchase frequency, cross-buying and profitability, using the Armani Exchange Engine (CRM System) while searching for new business development opportunities by creating marketing initiatives.• Developed strategy and executed multichannel marketing initiatives using email, direct mail, and other direct to consumer campaigns to optimize promotional strategies.• Managed and oversaw all aspects of nine store openings: tracked budgets, vendor contracts, catering proposals, event timelines, overviews and recaps; prepared reports to the entire management team.Coordinator, S.A.F.E ProgramURBAN LEAGUE OF ROCHESTER - Rochester, NY - April 2009 to June 2011Accountable for meeting New York State goals by providing service to low-income individuals with an allotted budget of $300,000.• Successfully increased the number of low-income G.E.D. students who were placed into employment and/ or post-secondary education by 75%, with all of those students receiving full scholarships to college..Territory Sales ManagerPHILIP MORRIS, USA - Philadelphia, PA - September 2007 to September 2008Managed Centre City Philadelphia territory, which generated approximately $10 million in annual sales.• Established consultative relationships with distributors, which led to implementation of 75% of firm's promotions and programs.• Increased revenue in territory by 30% overall for the entire year.￼Girls Today Women Tomorrow: Founder of ongoing mentoring program for 35 at-risk female high school students.Simon National Black MBA Association: President, VP-CommunicationsPennsylvania State University: Alumni Recruiter; Cultural Extravaganza Coordinator, for two consecutive years, created and coordinated a themed fashion show; selected models, contacted professional designers, created a promotions committee and put on show for over 500 students.EDUCATIONMaster of Business Administration in Consortium for Graduate StudySimon Graduate School of Business - University of Rochester - Rochester, NY June 2013Bachelor of Arts in Communication Arts and SciencesThe Pennsylvania State University - University Park, PA 2007Penn State