Chris Kwong2014 CMU MBA Grad with Product Marketing and Digital Marketing ExperienceSan Jose, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Chris-Kwong/32ce44d40b7c4361I’m an independent, strategic thinker with a strong business/startup background and solid analytical problem solving skills, which I use to break down complex problems and develop actionable strategies to address the core issues. I have been fortunate to have the chance to grow at multiple companies in varying roles, and have developed a broad perspective and a diverse skill set as a result.In the past, I have done:- Marketing research, benchmarking, and competitive intelligence projects at Samsung Electronics - Digital marketing and project management at HealthTap- Business operations and process improvement at Three Bridge Wealth Advisors- Web development at Newnex Technology CorpI recently finished my MBA at Carnegie Mellon University and am pursuing a challenging role in the tech industry where I can use my expertise in translating insights into actionable business strategies to drive the growth of the company.WORK EXPERIENCEMBA Product Marketing Intern, Home EntertainmentSamsung Electronics America - Ridgefield Park, NJ - June 2013 to August 2013• Brand Management: Developed data-driven strategies to maintain Samsung's position as marketleader in the smart TV industry along with tactics to improve Samsung's brand image.• Marketing Research: Gathered consumer insights through focus studies and retail store visits and recommended specific tactics to improve the online and retail brand experience.• Benchmarking: Benchmarked the online store and smart TV experience against competitors to identify ways to improve the online shopping experience and smart TV experience.• Competitive Intelligence: Analyzed how a competitor's new product line launch impacted the market. Tracked pricing and promotion strategies of major competitors.Product Launch InternHealthTap - Palo Alto, CA - September 2011 to October 2011• Digital Marketing: Helped attract 1000 physicians and grew the physician network by 25% in the month prior to public launch using email and social media channels.• Product Management: Collaborated with medical students and engineers to define productrequirements and build core features to integrate medical students into the physician network.• Project Management: Created and implemented a volunteer recognition program to recognize key medical students who helped shape the HealthTap network.InternThree Bridge Wealth Advisors - Menlo Park, CA - October 2009 to August 2011• Business Operations: Supported Directors by managing day-to-day operations, preparing meeting materials, and maintaining the customer relationship management (CRM) database.Marketing and Web Development Intern￼Newnex Technology Corp. - Sunnyvale, CA - June 2008 to September 2008• Leadership: Led a team of 3 interns to redesign the ecommerce website in 2 months.EDUCATIONMBACarnegie Mellon University, Tepper School of Business - Pittsburgh, PA 2012 to 2014Bachelor of Arts in EconomicsUniversity of California, Davis - Davis, CA 2005 to 2009SKILLSProduct Marketing, Data Analysis, Competitive Analysis, SAS, SQL, SPSS, HTML, CSSLINKShttp://chriskwong.com/ https://twitter.com/KwongCK https://www.linkedin.com/in/kwongck￼￼￼