Christian GibbsWeb Developer - Grace CommunicationsNew York, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Christian-Gibbs/5d2886b95814ddd9• Dedicated and self-motivated individual that can handle large tasks independently• Developed a range of custom reporting interfaces and online tools for clients within very limited time frames to meet deadlines• In depth knowledge of database development and architecture in a LAMP environment• Excellent team player in regards to communication, dedication and implementation• Ability to layout large projects in an organized fashion that allows for universal comprehensionWORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperGrace Communications - New York, NY - June 2014 to PresentManage all web properties, general maintenance and updating • Implement new functions and featues• Debug and modifySoftware EngineerCharged.fm - Brooklyn, NY - April 2014 to June 2014Develop APIs for partner communication• Create an internal automated adwords advertising bid management system that creates adds for events continuouslyOwner/ManagerAutomotive Emporium - April 2003 to February 2014Internet retail selling auto parts using self-developed e-Commerce website.• Developed PHP/MySQL database of 3000+ products such as wheels and body kits.• Managed customer service, marketing (SEM/SEO), sales and shipping using FedEx, UPS, freight forwarders and import/export.Software Developer / EngineerADgainer - Seattle, WA - May 2013 to January 2014Platform development, involving planning, coding, database architecture, R&D, product management and technical support• OO PHP within MVC, LAMP stack on Fedora• Develop entire system and interface using PHP, jQuery, CSS, HTML5, AJAX• Google Adwords API, Bing Ads API• Telecommunications software development • CRON scriptsWeb DeveloperAmerican Signature - Columbus, OH - November 2011 to August 2013OO PHP, MVC used to develop and implement a front end interface on Zend Server, using SQL, AS400 DB, JS, CSS, XHTML, AJAX and jQuery, XML, cURL• Access AS400 database files using Zend functionality (i5 functions)￼• Create custom web based UI applications for data management departments, based on department needs and functionality• Develop custom XML APIs using cURL (send and receive) (Web Services) operates triggered by jQuery AJAX posts• Develop unique product management systems and driver routing system (mobile app) • Create the design and functions for UI applicationsSenior/Lead DeveloperLegLuxe.com - New York, NY - May 2011 to August 2011Use an OO PHP within an MVC framework to develop and implement front end and back end admin functionality, along with MySQL, JS, CSS, XHTML, AJAX and jQuery• Task range from item quantity checkout features to mobile cart discount updating, and CSS3 to advanced PHP/MySQL developed search enginesSoftware EngineerMongoose Metrics - Independence, OH - November 2009 to July 2011Interface with clients to develop custom software and assist in product installation, explain product functions and features.• Develop user interfaces, dynamic APIs, reporting scripts and reporting analysis interfaces of phone call data and website traffic.• Linux server maintenance and customer technical support.• Heavy MySQL database management.• Develop new products to expand the company's product range which helped to capture a larger market share of clients.• Primary technologies used, PHP, MySQL, Javascript, CSS. Learned some asterisk.Senior Back End Developer (contract)The Warehouse Agency - New York, NY - January 2011 to April 2011Use an MVC framework to develop the architecture for client sites which use OO PHP, MySQL, JS, CSS, XHTML, AJAX and jQuery• Implement all programming intense client requests for web applications.• Design and manage all database aspects for all clients and code maintenance. An example would be a custom large volume CMS.Director of Placement/Software DeveloperThe Fluerantine Corporation Service Bureau - Bronx, NY - January 2009 to June 2009Developed company database platform UI for nurses, patients and administration.• Platform was built on PHP, MySQL technologies.• Designed and restructured the company's' process in association with the company president.EDUCATIONFinanceSUNY College of Old Westbury - Westbury, NY 2006 to 2008Engineering Science/Business AdministrationTompkins Cortland Community College - Ithaca, NY2004 to 2006Electrical EngineerDeVry University - Columbus, OH 2000 to 2001Electrical EngineerCleveland State University - Cleveland, OH 1999 to 2000ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Technical Skills• MVC PHP Development, CodeIgniter, CakePHP, Zend• OO PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, XML, XHTML, AJAX, jQuery, C++, Flash (AS), CSS • Git, Bugzilla, Agile Development, DevOps• Windows Linux (Ubuntu, Fedora, RedHat)• SEO/SEM management, CMS maintenance, e-commerce and email marketing• PC software/hardware diagnosis repair and installation• Technical writing and instructive documentation• Database schema and architecture development and implementation.• Google Adwords API development• Google Maps development for custom interactive functionality DB <--> UI• XML, WSDL, cURL web services development custom API development