Christopher LearyNetwork Administrator - Episcopal SeniorLife CommunitiesRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Christopher-Leary/f6f6de96645a5affNetwork Administrator with experience in configuring, installing and troubleshooting servers and workstations; switches and also project management. Expertise in problem solving, business writing and verbal communication. Known as hard working with excellent follow through.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorEpiscopal SeniorLife Communities - 2010 to PresentImplemented server virtualization using HP servers, EMC SAN and VM Ware.• Performed the duties of the Director of IT. Duties included budgeting, coordinating projects with other departments/vendors, etc.• Designed and implemented a new IP scheme due to lack of addresses.• Research, interview and proposed a new ISP to consolidate Internet, phone and data circuit for all sites.• Research, interview, propose and project manage a wireless upgrade and rollout of Cisco VoIP system for all sites.• Manage current servers and implement new servers as necessary.• Monitor Cisco wired and wireless network infrastructure and troubleshoot as necessary.• Researched, purchased and configured a Unitrends backup appliance for disk to disk backups.• Worked with vendor and Director of Security to increase the number of security cameras, their positions and purchase the network DVR they record to.Desktop SupportEpiscopal SeniorLife Communities - 2008 to Presentdesktop support for all 4 sites.• Record all trouble tickets into Spice Works.• Troubleshoot Xerox copier issues.• Worked with nursing and the Director of IT to complete phase 2 of the EMR rollout. Configured and installed Lenovo tablets for performing med passes.PC and Network TechnicianFirth Rixson - 2006 to 2008Configure and setup 1100 series Cisco Access Points and Repeaters, and HP Proliant Switches and Wireless Access Points.• Provide help desk support for manufacturing and office environment.• Performed general maintenance on all systems including disk cleanup, antivirus, Microsoft updates and physical cleaning.• Run data cables for new drops, punch down and test.• Build and configure systems to be used with the manufacturing equipment on the floor.• Configure and install new systems or reconditioned systems to end users including Oracle, Citrix, Microsoft Office, VNC and VPN software.Network AdministratorAssociation for the Blind and Visually Impaired - 2006 to 2006￼Routine server maintenance when needed.• Provide help desk support for call centers, retail and manufacturing environments. • Create and maintain users in Active Directory.• Maintain patches and disk maintenance for servers and workstations.• Configure and install new workstations.• Troubleshoot and repair Point of Sale system in all local Goodwill stores.• Verified the daily backup operation and would troubleshoot as necessary.Desktop SupportTEKSystems - Pittsford, NY - 2006 to 2006• Helpdesk support for all corporate and field associates via phone or remote access.• Support TCP/IP access in the network or through VPN, dial-up and wireless.• Troubleshoot network, operating system and various applications including Microsoft Office 2002/2003/ Outlook 2003/Access, Oracle, IE6, Symantec Antivirus, Citrix and other in house software applications.Technical SupportRochester Business Alliance - Rochester, NY - 2005 to 2006Part time position on contract at Firth Rixson Monroe.• Configured new desktop and laptop computers with different software applications and customized them to work on their network.• Provided hardware and networking troubleshooting for all users.• Performed general maintenance on all systems including disk cleanup, antivirus and anti-spy ware updates, Microsoft updates and physical cleaning.Team LeaderEastman Kodak Company - 2002 to 2005EDUCATIONAAS in Information TechnologyBryant & Stratton 2000SKILLSWindows Server 2003 R2/2008 R2, Windows 2000/XP/7/8/8.1, Exchange 2003/2007, Cisco IOS Catalyst Switches, Sonic Wall Firewall, Barracuda Network Appliances, Unitrends Backup Appliance, Budgeting, LeadershipADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnical SkillsSOFTWARE: MS Office/Access, Sophos Encryption/Antivirus, Spice Works, VMWare 5.1OPERATING Windows XP/Vista/7/8, MAC OS8/X,SYSTEMS: Microsoft Server 2003/2008, Exchange 2003/2007NETWORKING: UTP, Wireless, TCP/IP, VoIP, Cisco Switches/Routers