Chuck SwaffordNetwork System Administrator / Windows (MCSE)Orlando, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Chuck-Swafford/9615ce0536574609WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorIndependent IT Consultant - Orlando, FL - 2013 to PresentWork closely with clients to identify deficiencies and troubleshoot problems and support the implementation of solutions, standards, and practices.•Provide training to clients and/or end-users in equipment and software•Work with various individuals on an as needed basis to install, troubleshoot, and repair computer systems •Coordinating and resolving any hardware failures or problems•Installing and testing any system or application system upgradesNetwork System AdministratorKe'aki Technologies LLC - Maitland, FL - 2009 to 2012Build, configure, maintain, administer, monitor, and support a Microsoft Local Area and Wide Area Network including Microsoft Exchange for DOD services company.• Windows server configuration, maintenance, administration, backup, and recovery• Windows Active Directory Server Management (In-processing and Out-processing requests, Organizational Units, password resets, user VPN Access, etc.)• Windows Exchange Server configuration, maintenance, administration, backup, and recovery• Configure and maintain Barracuda Spam Firewall Device• Troubleshoot network, software, and hardware conflicts. Replace hardware components if needed. Implement solutions• Purchasing of all hardware and software including licensing and vendor maintenance• Working with various individuals within the company on an as needed basis to install, troubleshoot, and repair various parts of the IT system• Installing and testing any system or application system upgrades• Domain management including purchasing, acquisitions, transfers, renewals, and records• Web Security (Deltek Timekeeper Web Site certificate and ECA JPAS certificates)• Hands on with Windows Server 2003, 2008, Exchange Server 2007, Windows XP & Windows 7; Cisco ASDMIT Helpdesk Support AnalystCoalescent Technologies Corporation - Winter Park, FL - 2008 to 2008consultant): Work closely with the IT manager, COO, and all other functions to identify industry standards and best practices and support the implementation of these standards and practices.• Provides IT help desk support as required to the regional site locations and local staff in areas of system support, troubleshooting, and hardware and software support• Provide training to clients and/or end-users in equipment and software• Working with various individuals within the company on an as needed basis to install, troubleshoot, and repair various parts of the IT system• Coordinating and resolving any hardware failures or problems• Installing and testing any system or application system upgrades• Hands on with Windows Server 2003, Exchange Server 2005, & Windows XP￼POS Support IT AnalystWalt Disney World - Lake Buena Vista, FL - 2006 to 2007contractor): Provide on-site support during deployment to operators of the WDW STITCH Point of Sales hand held & WDW MATRA POS tablet solutions for Food & Beverage Outdoor Food carts and WDW Operating Participant locations.• Provide training to clients and/or end-users in equipment and software• Troubleshoot and resolve STITCH POS & MATRA pos tablet hand held issues• Consult with end-users to determine needs• Act as liaison between end users and development team• Communicate solutions with all levels of cast members and operating participants effectively (i.e. hourly, management, etc.)• Hands on with WindowsCE & Windows XP (embedded)Field Systems AdministratorSYSCO Foods of Central Florida - Ocoee, FL - 2003 to 2006SYSCO Foods of Central Florida generated over $550 million in sales for fiscal year 2006. Maintaining a high degree of availability for the order entry system for Sales Associates in the field was the main duty of the Field Systems Administrator.• Install, repair and support of Dell, Toshiba, and Micron hardware and software; primarily laptops• Installation and configuration of software packages such as Microsoft Office, Norton Ghost images, Nortel VPN, Symantec PCAnywhere, NetManage Rumba, and proprietary software• Hands on with Windows XP, Windows 2000 Professional, and Windows 98• Re-image new and existing laptops and desktops• Provide phone support or PCAnywhere pier-to-pier technical assistance to ensure rapid solutions• Resolve network connectivity issues using TCP/IP configuration and VPN• Administer user/computer account rights and permissions through Active Directory with Windows Server 2000 and 2003• Install, service and maintain dial-up, high speed and wireless high speed broadband connections• Install and configure Blackberry and various other PDA's• Assist e-commerce clients with the online web-based order entry system• Provide training to client and/or user in equipment and software• Interact with clients and users to analyze and define business and technical requirements; provide recommendations as well as solution to meet client's expectations and responsibility to complete their tasks in a Windows environmentIT Site ManagerCHS Medical - Cape Canaveral, FL - 2002 to 2002contractor): The Transportation Security Administration's Homeland Security Project included federalizing the nation's airport's baggage screeners.• Windows 2000 network deployment, operation, and administration during the process of hiring secure baggage screeners at remote sites.• Primary role of responsibility was to ensure connectivity and to ensure the accuracy of candidate information and integrity of SQL database• Managed up to four data entry specialistWindows 2000 PC Deployment Technician (contractor)Naval Air Warfare Center Training Systems Division - Orlando, FL - 2002 to 2002Assisted installation team in the deployment of 1200+ new Dell Windows 2000 personal computers for the NAWC/TSD (now NAVAIR) located at the University of Central Florida's Research Park as part of the NMCI Project (Navy Marine Corp Intranet).• Rollout new Dell desktop systems with Windows 2000 Professional for the NAWC/TSD• Install networked printers, scanners, and peripherals• Test workstation, proprietary software and peripherals network connectivity using TCP/IP and DHCP • Provide user assistance in back-up of vital information for transfer• Ensure installation of backed-up information on new pc was to user's satisfaction• Provide training to client and/or user in equipment and softwarePC AnalystUniversal Studios - Orlando, FL - November 2000 to July 2001contractor): Theme park PC Analyst assignment was to ensure that the computer needs of the company and its users were met.• Assist with the installation of desktop computer-related hardware and software• Troubleshoot network, software, and hardware conflicts. Replace hardware components if needed. Implement solutions• Hands on with Windows 2000 Professional and Windows 98• Configure and troubleshoot workstations to access printers via network or using TCP/IP• Document an everyday record of all activities done on user's desktop with Remedy ticket system • Provide training to client and/or user in equipment and softwareWindows NT Administrator (contractor)RGI Marketing Group, Inc - Orlando, FL - 2001 to 2001Marketing firm Consulting assignment as Windows NT Administrator.• Tasks include adding new accounts or moves or changes to existing accounts in domain• Administer, create, maintain and configure all network's security, shared folders, and policies • Administer Internet Information Server, SQL Server, and FTP access for 10+ web sites• Hands on with Windows 2000 Professional and Windows 98• Installation of workstations and printers to network via DHCP, Dial-Up, or static IP addressNetwork System Administrator/WebmasterValencia Community College - Orlando, FL - 1997 to 1999Responsible for Career Connection Network web site maintenance and web page design using HTML and JavaScript.• Administer Internet Information Server for Career Connection Network• Implement, configure, and maintenance of Microsoft SQL server and Exchange Server• Maintain Microsoft Windows NT servers, administer user accounts• Perform tape backups as part of disaster recovery plan• Hands on with Windows NT 3.51, Windows NT 4.0, and Windows 95• Install and configure firewall services on Linux Slackware Server• Other responsibilities included managing ISP for clients• Oversee the maintenance of Cisco routers and switches and 3Com hubs• Serve as the single point of contact for all team members for topics relating to the World Wide Web• Analyze web access logs and presented timely and accurate status reports to senior team members• Support clients through training of complex hardware and software applications, troubleshooting, and technical helpEDUCATIONEducationFlorida Institute of TechnologyCisco Networking Academy ProgramSKILLSWindows Server 2003, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2008r2, Windows Active Directory Server Management, Windows Exchange Server 2007, Windows Exchange Server 2010, Network / System Administration, Cisco ASDM, Barracuda Networks SPAM Firewall, Disaster Recovery, LAN / WAN, TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS, VPN, Internet Information Server, Domain Management, Web Security, PurchasingCERTIFICATIONSMCP, MCP +I, MCSE, Network+, CCNA (exp.)ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SKILLS SUMMARYMicrosoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE) with fifteen years of technical experience. Working in a team environment, I have a proven track record working with all levels of management and understanding end- user needs. Attention to detail, excellent communication skills, and openness to new ideas are core skills that will bring value to your customers (internal and external). I have excellent troubleshooting and problem resolution skills across a wide variety of platforms and applications and I have demonstrated skills in complex PC hardware and software evaluation, installation, and support. Additional strengths lie in the areas of network administration, integration, configuration, security, and maintenance.COMPUTER SKILLS:SOFTWARE: Windows 2008 Server, Windows 7, Windows 2003 Sever, Windows XP, Windows 2000, Windows NT Server 4.0, Windows NT Server 3.51, Windows 98, Windows 95, WindowsCE. Internet Information Server, Exchange 2007, Proxy, and SQL server. Active Directory, TCP/IP, DHCP, WINS, DNS, ARP. Microsoft Outlook 2000 and 2003, 2007,and 2010, Microsoft Office 95, 97, 2000, 2003, 2007, and 2010. Windows 3.1, and Microsoft DOS 5.0 - 6.22. Cisco SDM and ASDM. Symantec Endpoint Protection, TrendMicro, McAfee, and Sophos anti-virus software. Acronis Backup, Veritas Backup Exec and Computer Associates ARCserveIT. Norton Ghost, Symantec PCAnywhere, WebEx, and Toshiba Stratagy PBX, Nortel VPN.HARDWARE: Servers, Printers, Cisco Routers, Switches, Hubs, Desktop and laptop configuration, Network Interface Cards, Scanners, Smartphones, PDA's, Patch Panels.