Clinton McKayMaster of Science in Computer ScienceMissoula, MT - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Clinton-McKay/d4e2dc610e0d44caJava: Advanced -- Primary language used throught the course of my degree completion.C#: Advanced -- Took courses using C# and had an internship that involved .NET programming. Current position at Agile LT requires knowledge of C#.Perl: Advanced -- Used Perl as my primary language for two years.Objective-C: Advanced -- Built an iPhone application for the health department.R: Intermediate -- Spent a year programming R scripts for data visualization and analysisPython: Intermediate -- Been using python for almost two semesters.C/C++: Intermediate -- Implementing a parallel computation course. Assignments are in C/C++WORK EXPERIENCESoftware Developer (Contract)Agile Legal Technology - Missoula, MT - August 2014 to PresentI've been working part-time at Agile LT while I was completing my thesis at the University of Montana. My responsibilities included; fixing bugs, adding new components, and collaborating with the team. While working at this position, I was able to speed up the data importation processes threefold by using the concurrent programming practices that I learned about while I was a Masters Candidate at the University of Montana.Tasks- Program in C# .NET using Visual Studio 2013- Develop unit tests to ensure the program accuracy.- Implement threads to boost the performance of the application.- Improve application import stability.- Reimplement importation backend to allow future extensions as the application supports more file formats. - Work with the team in an Agile environment.- Collaborate with the team to determine new requirements from the client.- Collaborate with the database engineer on a regular basis.Teachers AssistantUniversity of Montana - Missoula, MT - August 2012 to May 2014Taught Microsoft Excel and Access while I was a Masters Candidate at the University of Montana.Tasks- Implement weekly lectures for the class.- Teach Access and Excel- Grade all of the assignments and homework. - Assess student performance.System MaintainerUniversity of Montana - Missoula, MT - June 2013 to August 2013Setup a set of perfSONAR systems such that the University of Montana and the Missoula Fire Lab can monitor network performance on their DMZ link.￼Tasks:- Meet regularly with project manager.- Install software.- Configure CentOS for remote management.Programmer, Indiana University of Bloomington, Bloomignton,Indiana University of Bloomington - May 2012 to July 2012Participated in the NSF funded InCENTRE program at Indiana University Bloomington. The program involved training students about their Network Operations Center (NOC) and getting them involved with various projects. My project involved parsing ARIN.net’s registered IP blocks and pulling out the administrator emails for later use by REN-ISAC.Tasks:- Meet in the morning with the advisers, determine any requirements, and program.- Use Perl to connect to a local MySQL database and push the contents of the ARIN.net dump to that database.- Use Git to keep track of the project.- Meet with the rest of the interns in the afternoon to learn about various networking concepts. Such as the network stack, wireless security, network security, cloud based storage, and communication hardware.ProgrammerUniversity of Montana - Missoula, MT - October 2010 to May 2011Constructed an iPhone application that helps individuals reach physical fitness goals.Tasks:- Program in Objective-C to develop an iPhone application that allows United States Air Force recruits to prepare for the physical exam.- Meet weekly to demo prototypes or gather and refine client requirements.GraderUniversity of Montana - Missoula, MT - October 2010 to December 2010 Graded projects and quizzes for the Operating Systems course.ProgrammerUniversity of Montana - Missoula, MT - February 2010 to May 2010Using .NET and C#. I added backend code and several administrator pages for the Forestry Department's website. In conjunction, I also added additional components that visualize Montana tourist statistics.Tasks:- Interfaced with MSSQL using ASP.NET's MVC to allow the client to add and remove economic data for the state of Montana via a web interface.- Meet regularly with the client to determine requirements and demo the results.GraderUniversity of Montana - Missoula, MT - February 2010 to May 2010ResponsibilitiesGraded student projects and quizzes for the Programming Languages course.EDUCATIONM.S. in Computer ScienceUniversity of Montana - Missoula, MT 2012 to 2014B.S. in Computer ScienceUniversity of Montana - Missoula, MT 2007 to 2014SKILLSFluent in French, Linux, OS X, Windows, C++, Java, C#, Perl, Python, VirtualBox Virtual MachineLINKShttp://crmckay.com http://scholarworks.umt.edu/etd/4366/ http://www.bitbucket.com/MrMcKizzle http://www.github.com/McKizzleADDITIONAL INFORMATIONFluent in FrenchI wish I could play games gamer. BikingTravelingBuilding Desktop Computers￼￼￼￼