Craig Adkins MBACHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - EDUCATORS ADVANCEMENT GROUPBolingbrook, IL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Craig-Adkins-MBA/3f11508eca5e871eStrategic-minded executive with extensive experience in financial and operational management seeking a CFO or COO roles that will take advantage of my strong leadership skills. Results-oriented and visionary MBA with a focus on strategic planning and strong problem solving abilities. Exceptional analytical, conceptual, and financial analysis skills combined with outstanding business acumen. Effective at motivating teams to drive down costs and increase revenue generation opportunities. Thrives in entrepreneurial environments. Extensive hands on experience with all areas of business, operations and finance including:- Strategic & Operational Business Planning - Human Resources & Union/Labor matters - Financial Modeling & Analytical Analysis - Audit, Governance, Sales & Income Tax- Pricing/Revenue & Profit Optimization - Payroll, Benefits & 401k- Cost/Expense Reduction & Containment - Information Technology Strategic Planning- Accounting, Financial & Management Reporting - System Implementations- Organizational Restructuring - Sales Performance Analysis- Market Competitive Analysis & Positioning - Divestitures & Asset Liquidation - Market Planning & Development - Joint Ventures, Mergers & Acquisitions- Capital Expenditure Analysis - IPO planning & Corporate Integration- Treasury, Debt & Equity Financing - Start Ups & Corporate Formations- Banking, Credit Risk & Insurance - Operational Warehousing & Inventory- Contracts, Facilities & Leases Management- Venture Capital2|PageCraig Adkins, MBA14212 Creek Crossing Drive, Orland Park, IL 60467 [...]craigadkins100@gmail.comAuthorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCECHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICEREDUCATORS ADVANCEMENT GROUP - Frankfort, IL - 2013 to Present25 million service organization)Direct finance department with 5 direct reports setting organizational wide financial strategy and publishing financial reports. Reporting to the President and directly interfaced with Executive Leadershipcorporate planning, budgeting & tax planning, with strategic emphasis on managing assets, investments, and financial operations. Manages technology, human resources, strategy, risk, treasury functions, administration, operations, & facilities.● Drove and delivered initiatives to identify & capture cost savings of $500,000 in just 6 months.● Successfully engaged vendors to drive down lower operating costs.● Delivered new reporting framework which will drive performance and operating visibility.● Set up comprehensive cash management system for reporting and forecasting cash flows.￼CHIEF OPERATING OFFICERLove Our Glamour, Inc. (private fashion and accessory corporation) - Homer Glen, IL - 2010 to 2013Direct operational personnel of 5 and reporting to the CEO & direct interface with Board of Directors. Led all operational elements including inventory & vendor management, logistics, product sourcing, finance department, setting corporate strategy & publishing financial statements. Direct corporate, operational & strategic planning.• Managed technology strategy, risk & treasury functions to ensure controls.• Successfully delivered & managed build out of website and eventual upgrade.• Drove initiatives to capture record revenue levels.• Negotiated large transactions, manage warehousing operations and supervised finance personnel.CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICERYWCA Inc. of Metropolitan Chicago - Chicago, IL - 2006 to 201012 million service organization)Directed finance department with 6 direct reports setting corporate strategy, and publishing financial statements. Reported to the CEO and directly interfaced with Board of Directors. Led corporate planning and budgeting and audit, with strategic emphasis on managing assets, investments, and financialoperations. Managed technology strategy, risk, and treasury functions.● Drove and delivered initiatives to capture cost savings of $1.4 million over 2 years.● Effectively negotiated large transactions, leases, health insurance, capital projects.● Increased revenue by creating economic models that assist in driving revenue opportunities.● Delivered new facilities under budget by 40% and to specifications.● Developed and delivered upgrade of 30-year old telecommunications system resulting in significant improvement in efficiency $100,000/year savings.VICE PRESIDENT OF FINANCEInformation Resources, Inc - Chicago, IL - 2002 to 2006Mosaic Info Force Subsidiary, a $45 million national field marketing services company acquired by Information Resources, Inc. in 2005)Directed finance department in CFO role with 6 staff, reporting to the General Manager. Set corporate strategy and published financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Directed corporate planning and budgeting with strategic emphasis on managing assets and financial operations as well as IT spending analysis.● Reduced overhead expense by $2 million by recommending cost savings in administration, field service delivery changes and staffing cuts.● Improved sales reporting and analysis by developing management reporting tools that allowed sales visibility in to low profit products.3|Page14212 Creek Crossing Drive, Orland Park, IL 60467 312-286-2383craigadkins100@gmail.comControllerTribune Company, Creative Publications Subsidiary - 1991 to 2001CONTROLLERTribune Company, Creative Publications Subsidiary - Alsip, IL - 1987 to 200180 million manufacturer and distributor of educational and consumer products acquired by Tribune Company in 1996, Creative Publications Acquire by McGraw Hill in 2000)Corporate Accounting ManagerTribune Company, Creative Publications Subsidiary - 1989 to 1991Senior Financial AnalystTribune Company, Creative Publications Subsidiary - 1987 to 1989Directed finance department and corporate strategic planning and budgeting, reporting to the CFO. Oversaw all company-wide comprehensive reporting and analysis of 8 operating divisions including managing AP, AR, credit, treasury, debt, inventory, operational insights, compensation, payroll, workforce management, sales and income tax reporting, Health & Benefits Insurance & 401k. Published financial statements in accordance with GAAP. With 20 direct and indirect reports as senior manager of executive committee.• Performed strong research and analysis, working as senior manager of executive committee. Coordinated and implemented annual strategic and operating plans including M&A activities that provided consistent growth opportunities that assisted in driving company valuation from $30 million to $200 million over 10 years for venture capital backed company.• Managed treasury and risk management functions and maintained debt management activities, including 401k asset management functions which effectively maintained debt covenants for $80 million public offering.• Directed and implemented cash flow and risk management strategies that resulted in annual cash flow improvements of $1 million by utilizing cross functional teams focusing on accounts receivable, deposits, invoicing, inventories, and asset management.• Designed sales management compensation system that held managers accountable to measurable performance standards resulting in annual revenue increases of 20% or more insome years.• Extensive involvement in due diligence for IPO initiatives, 4 divestitures, 2 acquisitions, one $60million leveraged buyout, one company disposal, a start-up, $40 million refinancing, a $5 million bridge loan, and a $200 million corporate sale.CORPORATE STAFF ACCOUNTANTUnion Carbide - Chicago, IL - 1985 to 1987EDUCATIONMBA in MANAGEMENT/Human ResourcesBooth School of Business, University of Chicago 1998BBA in ACCOUNTING/EconomicsStuart School of Business, IIT - Chicago, IL 1985LINKS http://www.linkedin.com/in/craigadkins1￼