Dan MartinWeb Developer - The Animal HouseNewcastle, ME - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dan-Martin/69dab0fd22be2c11WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperGeiger - Lewiston, ME - February 2013 to PresentResponsibilitiesPrimary duties included using best standards and practices creating solutions for enhancements, known bugs, and determining future needs in a variety of business applications.Using Laravel, PHP, MySQL, jQuery and Anugular.js to serve and save content for websitesWeb DeveloperThe Animal House - Damariscotta, ME - March 2003 to January 2013• Used Javascript (jQuery, Backbone.js, and Underscore.js) to build front-end client interaction, dynamic interfaces, and visual animations.• Programmed all code by hand to be extremely modular and lightweight. Utilized Object-Oriented Programming and Model View Controller methodology.• Used PHP, MySQL, and AJAX (w/ JSON) to serve and save content for websites• Used HTML5 to create flexible and semantic website markup.• Used SASS & Compass preprocessing to create pixel-perfect CSS3 website designs.Web DeveloperHollis Interactive - Nashua, NH - February 2002 to March 2003Creation and maintenance of many Web sites and applications for corporate, non-profit and other clients.Performed the full spectrum of Web-related tasks, including rapid prototyping, design and layout, graphics creation and optimization, server-side programming (primarily PHP), MySQL databases, AJAX interactivity, standards-compliant XHTML and CSS, testing, training, hosting, security, traffic generation and ongoingupdates.• Creation of custom branded content management system to allow for client entries to be validated to W3C standard specifications, with reduced markup.• Used PHP, MySQL, HTML4, and CSS2 to create online course websitesOther Tertiary SkillsWordPress, Joomla, Drupal, YouTube Data API, Flickr API, Campaign Monitor API, Twitter API, Google Maps API, Google Geocoding API. Adobe & Office Suite, Media Compression, Website Accessibility Initiative (WAI), Web Hosting Manager (WHM) + cPanel, Windows, OS X.EDUCATIONAssociate in ComputerLower Columbia College 1998￼Continuing EducationTreehouseSKILLSLinux, OS X, Windows, Apache, IIS, PHP, Ruby on Rails, ASP, Java, Javascript, JQuery, Node.js, backbone.js, angular.js Graphic Design (Adobe CS), Networking, Unix Administration, Git (subversion), Wordpress themes and plugin development, CSS (Zurb Foundation, Bootstrap).LINKS http://teamtreehouse.com/danmartin http://www.dan-martin.com http://www.theanimalhouse.net https://github.com/danmartin￼￼￼￼