Daniel WhelanSenior Professional - Transition Management - Computer Science CorporationNewark, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Daniel-Whelan/d85d3646ff05a31bWORK EXPERIENCESenior Professional - Transition ManagementComputer Science Corporation - Newark, DE - June 2010 to PresentResponsible for the initiation, planning, problem solving and closing of many critical IT security project for multiple fortune 500 companies totaling millions in revenue.Duties:-Responsible for the creation of multi-phased project plans that normally include many security tool sets -Adhering to agreed upon project plans for different security tool deployments-Updating project plan for both tracking and extensions when needed.-Worked with the different vendors to ensure on-time delivery of tools and possible cost saving.-Updating senior management on a weekly bases with high-level milestones and Key Performance Indicators obtained by the team.-Coordination of both internal and external team, based on the project plan, to most effectively and efficiently close projectsAsset inventory ManagerComputer Science Corporation - Newark, DE - January 2010 to Present-Created and currently manage an asset management system that contains over 20 million dollars worth of equipment.-Negotiated better hardware/software rates with vendors.Managed Encryption Service DeliveryComputer Science Corporation - Newark, DE - October 2009 to March 2011-Managed the deployment of hard drive encryption to over 1200,000 desktops and laptops both internal to and external to CSC.-Managed the deployment of media encryption to over 75,000 endpoints to clients both internal and external to CSC.-Participated in the creation of global reports encryption reports reducing cost to CSC.EDUCATIONB.S. in MarketingUniversity of Delaware 2004 to 2009ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Deployed Security Tool setsArcSight SIEM Symantec SIEM￼McAfee desktop ePOMcAfee server ePOSymantec SEPTrend Micro server AVMcAfee IPSCheckpoint Full Disk Encryption Checkpoint Media Encryption McAfee Managed Vulnerability Symantec Technology Compliance