Daniel Zeng MBAChicago, IL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Daniel-Zeng/17af9641f7017f5bWORK EXPERIENCEMBAUniversity of Illinois at Chicago - Chicago, IL - May 2013 to May 2014Related Skills: Financial Analysis, Risk Management, Team Collaboration, Stock Transactions, Portfolio Development, Financial Reporting, Accounting, Business Analysis, Corporate Finance, Mutual Funds Pursued and completed advanced course of study in Financial Market Risk Management, laying strong foundation for career as Financial Analyst. Honed understanding of portfolio management strategies, fixed income, equities, futures, options, financial accounting, statistics, and corporate finance.Selected Contributions:* Captured 2014 award for "Best Portfolio Performance for a Stock Transaction Simulation, " successfully increasing portfolio performance by 4.7% in a 3-month period.* Won competition 2013 Championship of the Option Strategy Design Competition, under the auspices of the Chicago Board Option Exchange.Manager Assistant / Intern, Retail DepartmentCitibank China - China, ME - February 2012 to April 2012- Skillfully served as team lead for interns tasked with formulating business analyses of local companies - Worked closely with 40+ clients, conducting detailed interviews to develop tailored investment plans- Triggered $2M increase in productivity of clients' financial portfolios through savvy investment advising - Generated $4M in sales of new financial products to over 300 customersManager Assistant, Billing Service DepartmentChina Minsheng Banking Corp., LTD - China, ME - July 2011 to January 2012- Prospected and maintained account relationships with bill market clients at headquarters of established banking firms- Meticulously analyzed, cross-checked, and verified 100+ letters of credit valued at more than $1B- Authored 20+ credit evaluation reports key to issuance of $300M in loans- Produced $2M growth in revenue by aggressively selling products to clientsAudit AssistantShu Lun Pan Accounting Company - China, ME - June 2009 to August 2009- Collaborated with project manager to complete mid-term and final financial reviews of China Construction Sixth Engineering Division Corp., Ltd.- Cross-compared online financial reports with company balance statements and original data submitted by client- Demonstrated strong data analysis capabilities, dealing with complex data with precision and accuracyEDUCATIONMBA in Financial Market Risk ManagementUniversity of Illinois at Chicago - Chicago, IL 2014￼Bachelor of ArtsCapital University of Economics and Business - 北京市 2011SKILLSSAS, Excel,Power Point, Word, Bloomberg,SQLADDITIONAL INFORMATIONDetail-oriented emerging professional positioned to excel within Financial Analyst role demanding superb command of stock / mutual fund analysis, trading, and risk management strategies.► Financial Analysis & Consulting: Advanced Financial Market Risk Management training complemented by track record of effectiveness growing bank client investment portfolios by more than $2M. Minimize organizational risk exposure through exacting execution of business analyses and credit evaluations.► Relationship Development: Well-developed ability prospect and capture client accounts that produce millions of dollars in additional revenues. Engaging communicator and presenter, easily instilling trust and commitment in investors from diverse backgrounds. Fluent in Mandarin Chinese and English.► Technical Proficiencies: Solid command of Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Bloomberg, and Photoshop; swiftly master and apply state-of-the-art business systems.► Key Strengths: Tireless leader, inspiring impressive team accomplishment by modeling a powerful work ethic and productive sense of urgency. Effectively liaise with senior management to collaborate on special projects, identify performance improvement opportunities and resolve issues in formative stages. CFA Level II Candidate.