Daniel ZlaticIndiana and Illinois licensed Trial AttorneyValparaiso, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Daniel-Zlatic/9f4a1039923ee793Experienced Civil Liability Litigator. Indiana and Illinois. Twenty-three (23) career first-chair jury trials.WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyRAY GUPTA & ASSOCIATES, LLC - Schererville, IN - January 2014 to PresentAttorney responsible for every aspect of plaintiff's personal injury litigation from preparing and responding to initial pleadings, participating in and conducting all phases of written and oral discovery, motion practice, alternative dispute resolution, and bench and jury trial.Twenty - three (23) career first-chair jury trials.AttorneyBRYCE DOWNEY & LENKOV, LLC - Crown Point, IN - October 2013 to January 2014 General Liability litigation and Workers Compensation attorney.• Twenty-three (23) career first-chair jury trials.AttorneyLIBERTY MUTUAL INSURANCE - Merrillville, IN - November 2012 to October 2013Staff litigation attorney.• Responsible for day-to-day handling of approximately fifty-five (55) litigation case files from inception through jury trial.• Responsible for coordinating with, and reporting to, claims professionals regarding litigation case file management and strategy.• Successfully tried two (2) jury trials for Liberty Mutual as first-chair counsel.o Siba v. Pordugal: Rear-end MVA. Admitted Fault. Allegation of alcohol use by Defendant. Trial on damages and punitive count. Final settlement offer of $40,000 before closing argument. Final settlement demand of $60,000 before closing argument. Plaintiff's suggested verdict to the jury: Over $150,000. Defendant's suggested verdict to the jury: Between zero ($0) and $22,000. Result: Favorable verdict. $21,000 ($19,000 below settlement authority) and zero ($0) dollars awarded for punitive damages.o Taylor v. Scott: Intersection MVA. Defendant had stop sign. Plaintiff did not have stop sign. Final pre-trial demand: $45,000. Final Pre-trial offer: $15,000. Specials: $9,000. Plaintiff's suggested verdict to the jury: $80,000-$153,000. Result: Favorable verdict. Defense Verdict.• Twenty-three (23) career first-chair jury trials.AttorneyRAY GUPTA & ASSOCIATES, LLC - Schererville, IN - October 2011 to November 2012￼Responsible for every aspect of plaintiff's personal injury litigation from preparing and responding to initial pleadings, participating in and conducting all phases of written and oral discovery, motion practice, alternative dispute resolution, and bench and jury trial.• Responsible for serving as primary trial counsel in large percentage of the firm's cases that go to trial.AttorneyO'NEILL MCFADDEN & WILLETT, LLP - Dyer, IN - July 2010 to October 2011Responsibility for day-to-day handling of firm's professional liability/legal malpractice section through all phases of litigation including initial case review, preparing initial responsive pleadings, preparing and responding to written discovery, conducting and defending depositions, preparing numerous pre-trial motions, including motions for summary judgment, negotiating pre-suit settlement, either informally or through mediation, and assisting in preparation for trial.• Successfully resolved a number of cases prior to trial including the following:o Plaintiff voluntarily dismissed suit against Defendant attorney immediately prior to the hearing on a motion for summary judgment that I prepared. Defendant attorney and Plaintiff initially believed that Defendant attorney had negligently caused Plaintiff to lose her opportunity to bring a claim for underinsured motorist protection for failure to make the claim within the appropriate time frame. Investigation of the facts and the relevant policy of insurance demonstrated that both Defendant attorney and Plaintiff were mistaken in this regard. Upon reviewing the motion for summary judgment, Plaintiff's attorney voluntarily dismissed the case, with prejudice. o Plaintiff brought suit against Defendant attorney alleging that Defendant attorney negligently caused Plaintiff to lose an opportunity to make a claim for underinsured motorist protection. Before the underlying case was completely resolved, Plaintiff transferred the case from Defendant attorney to a new attorney. The new attorney, believing that there was no more money available from any source, incorrectly and negligently allowed the dismissal of the underlying suit, including the a "deep pocket". The new attorney brought suit on behalf of Plaintiff against Defendant attorney. Investigation of the facts and relevant insurance policy language, showed that the existence of the "deep pocket", that had been erroneously let "off the hook" by Plaintiff's attorney, meant that the underinsured motorist provision did not apply and that Plaintiff had actually suffered more damage as a result of his new counsel's negligence, rather than Defendant counsel, in allowing the dismissal of the case against the "deep pocket". When we confronted Plaintiff's counsel with this issue he quickly abandoned his seven (7) figure settlement demand and the case was settled in the mid five (5) figures.o A number of other cases were settled below authority after the filing of motions of summary judgmentAttorneyLAW OFFICE OF DANIEL J. ZLATIC - Munster, IN - March 2009 to July 2010Operated every aspect of a solo practitioner general practice law firm.• A significant portion of practice consisted of performing contract work for another law practice that specialized in general defense liability. This included:o Conducting and defending numerous lay and expert depositions.o Preparing and answering written discovery.o Conducting legal research on a variety of topics.o Preparing numerous pre-trial motions including motions for summary judgmento Assisting in trial preparationAttorneyBRUCE P. CLARK & ASSOCIATES, P.C - Munster, IN - August 2008 to March 2009Responsible for every aspect of litigation from preparing and responding to initial pleadings, participating in and conducting all phases of written and oral discovery, motion practice, alternative dispute resolution, and assisting name partner in preparation for bench and jury trial.• Successfully conducted and defended numerous depositions.• Successfully prepared numerous pre-trial motions and motions for summary judgment. • Successfully handled a wide variety of general liability litigation including:o Premises liabilityo Auto liabilityo Insurance coverageo Bad faitho Some products litigationAttorneyJOHNSON & BELL, LTD -Merrillville, IN - May 2002 to August 2008Responsible for every aspect of litigation from preparing and responding to initial pleadings, participating in and conducting all phases of written and oral discovery, motion practice, alternative dispute resolution, and bench and jury trial.• Successfully resolved numerous cases either through pre-trial settlement via mediation or informal negotiation, summary judgment, or agreed dismissal.• Successfully conducted and defended hundreds of lay and expert depositions.• Successfully prepared and argued hundreds of pre-trial motions including motions of summary judgment.• Successfully handled a wide variety of general liability litigation including:o Premises liabilityo Auto liabilityo Insurance Coverageo Bad Faitho Homeowners claimso Veterinary Malpracticeo Some Transportation litigationo Some Products litigation• Successfully tried five (5) jury trials as first chair counsel in Lake and Porter counties, Indiana:o Green v. Lake Station Pet Clinic: Slip and Fall on premises of Defendant pet clinic. Result: Defendant's verdict.o Lara v. Del Real: Rear-end MVA. Clear liability. Four (4) plaintiffs. Main Issue: Damages. Result: Favorable verdict. Three (3) plaintiffs were awarded zero (0) in damages. Fourth plaintiff awarded $15,000 which was $20,000 less than Plaintiffs' pre-suit demand and more than $85,000 less than the amount Plaintiff's counsel asked the jury to award.o Schwoegler v. Recreational Ventures: Suit for injuries and damages stemming from go-kart collision. Result: Defendant's verdict.o Roberts v. Walgreen, Co.: Slip and fall on Walgreens store premises. Result: Favorable verdict. Jury divided liability 50/50 between Plaintiff and Walgreens, thereby cutting the damages awarded by the jury in half from $15,000 to $7,500.o Crockett v. Ferguson: Suit for injuries stemming from motor vehicle accident where Defendant disregarded stop sign. Result: Favorable verdict. Even though Defendant was determined to be at fault in this clear liability case, the jury awarded only $10,000, significantly less than the $50,000 demanded by Plaintiff's counsel in closing.AttorneyWARRIOR INSURANCE GROUP - Griffith, IN - February 2000 to May 2002Responsible for every aspect of motor vehicle accident litigation from preparing and responding to initial pleadings, participating in and conducting all phases of written and oral discovery, motion practice, alternative dispute resolution, and bench and jury trial as staff counsel for a non-standard auto liability insurer.• Successfully resolved numerous cases either through pre-trial settlement via mediation or informal negotiation, summary judgment, or agreed dismissal.• Successfully conducted and defended hundreds of lay and expert depositions.• Successfully prepared and argued hundreds of pre-trial motions including motions of summary judgment.• Promoted to Supervising Attorney for the Griffith, Indiana office.• Successfully tried sixteen (16) jury trials as first chair counsel in counties throughout Indiana, including the following noteworthy results:o Ivetich v. Sanchez: Suit for injuries stemming from motor vehicle accident. Clear liability. The issue of punitive damages was before the jury due to intoxication of Defendant. Result: Favorable verdict. The combined non- punitive damage award of $9,500 was under settlement authority.o Worthman v. Brown: Suit for injuries stemming from motor vehicle accident. Question of lights. Result: Defense verdict. The only independent witness, an ordained reverend, testified against Defendant. Despite this, the jury entered verdict for Defendant, Worthman.o Liss v. Bryzicki: Suit for damages stemming from motor vehicle accident. Main issue was right-of-way and failure to yield to oncoming traffic. Result: Favorable verdict. For all practical purposes, this verdict was identical to a Defense verdict. The jury assigned 50/50 liability to Plaintiff and Defendant, therefore technically classifying the result as a Plaintiff's verdict. However, the jury awarded zero (0) damages. Subsequently, Plaintiff's counsel filed a motion for additur, which was denied.o Steif v. Perez: Suit for damages stemming from a motor vehicle accident. Clear liability. Result: Favorable verdict. The jury awarded $3,000 which was under settlement authority.o Wright v. Marberry: Suit for damages stemming from a motor vehicle accident. Rear-ender. Clear liability. Result: Favorable verdict. The jury awarded $689 which was well under settlement authority.AttorneySCHLYER & ASSOCIATES, P.C - Merrillville, IN - April 1999 to February 2000Conducted legal research for Plaintiff's personal injury firm. • Prepared motions and legal memoranda.• Drafted and responded to written discovery.• Conducted and defended depositions.• Prepared clients for depositions.• Negotiated settlements with opposing counsel and insurance adjustors. • Occasional court appearances.• Assisted name partner with trial preparations.AttorneyMEYER, LYLES & GODSHALK, P.C - Gary, IN - October 1998 to April 1999Conducted legal research for general law firm on a variety of issues.• Prepared motions and legal memoranda.• Drafted and responded to written discovery.• Negotiated settlements with opposing counsel and insurance adjustors. • Occasional court appearances.Bodily Injury Claim RepresentativeSTATE FARM INSURANCE COMPANY - Griffith, IN - February 1997 to October 1998Investigated and evaluated liability claims against insured's policy of insurance for bodily injury and property damage stemming from automobile collisions.• Made regular reports to supervisors regarding status of claim investigation and resolution of claims.• Negotiated settlements of claims within authority.• Successfully completed and passed State Farm's Auto Claims School.• Successfully completed and passed various examinations from the American Institute for Chartered Property Casualty Underwriters including:o AIC 33-The Claims Environmento AIC 34-Workers Compensation and Medical Aspects of Claimso AIC 36-Liability Claims AdjustingEDUCATIONJuris DoctorValparaiso University School of Law - Valparaiso, IN 1996Bachelor of ArtsWabash College - Crawfordsville, IN 1993ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Licensed in Indiana and Illinois.Member U.S. Masters Swimming