Danny ChickNetwork Administrator - Central Bancshares, IncMuscatine, IA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Danny-Chick/0cde1e5a5af85c12WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorCentral Bancshares, Inc - March 2014 to PresentConfigure and maintain all networking devices and computers for Central State Bank who has 14 locations throughout Iowa and Illinois.• Each bank has its own domain controller and networking equipment that is maintained by our network team. We control all users and security groups using windows active directory.• Maintain and support a server environment virtual and physical including but not limited to domain controllers, file, print, DNS, DHCP, Anti-virus, SQL, spam, and email server.• Use a network management software to monitor the stability of our network and push out policy's and updates to computers and servers.• Maintain a virus and spam filter, also maintain two firewalls.• Work with different software's and software vendors to ensure that our bank is using the software efficiently and applying updates and patches when necessary.• Configure and maintain a Microsoft SQl Server 2008 and SQL 2012 database.• Troubleshoot a wide variety of issues to ensure our bank is using its IT infrastructure as efficient as possible.Systems AdministratorCentral Bancshares, Inc - March 2014 to October 2014Install, configures and maintain server hardware, network devices and operating systems.• Create user accounts and maintain security levels on applications, storage folders and databases.• Oversee all servers in Bandag's two domains. All servers are administrated through VMware vSphere. I also build production or development servers using Windows Server 2003, 2008, and Windows Server 2012.• Troubleshoots network performance issues, analyzes and resolves problems associated with server hardware.• Every month I am in charge of patching our servers to keep them up to date with Microsoft updates. We use a ticket monitoring system to track user issues for our 5 different locations nationally.Data IT SpecialistUnited States Marine Corp - July 2009 to July 2013Took an eight month accelerated IT specialist course through a Marine Corps school. Received my A+ certification also my secret clearance.• Worked as an IT systems administrator where I worked with a small team, oversaw all IT and network/ systems issues for over 200 computer assets and users in four different buildings. Provided support to end- users with troubleshooting and repairing all software and hardware.• Worked with networking equipment to ensure connectivity to our four buildings. Oversaw all servers and networking equipment. Created accounts on our server and connected computers and phones for connectivity to our domain.• Configured switches and routers to install in our building to create a more versatile network, ready for expansion. Repaired networking equipment and servers with hardware and software upgrades. Ran and installed Cat-5 cable and some experience with fiber optics.￼• Deployed to Afghanistan as part of the base IT team. Supplied over 300 users in several different buildings on one of the biggest bases in Afghanistan. Installed many new Cisco switches for expansion of a rapidly growing base. Switched all of Camp Dwyer from POT phones to VOIP services. Helped introduce a new help desk ticket system because of growing requests for such a small team. Administrated the Afghanistan secret network managing servers and network equipment. Also received a Navy Achievement medal for the work in my seven month tour in Afghanistan.• Participated in several month long field operations, where my team and I built a network from ground up to ensure Combat operations could communicate with other units. Configured a SWAN, Cisco switches and routers, servers for the best possible communications.EDUCATIONEducationMuscatine Community College 2013 to PresentMuscatine High School 2009