Darshak SanganiMBA Intern, Gov't Contracting Pricing & Analysis - Managed Markets Finance - NOVARTIS PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATIONBasking Ridge, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Darshak-Sangani/026c0090200dd2f1WORK EXPERIENCEMBA Intern, Gov't Contracting Pricing & Analysis - Managed Markets FinanceNOVARTIS PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION - East Hanover, NJ - 2014 to Present• Perform timely calculation, analysis, and submission of monthly pricing of Novartis products to the State of Texas under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program.• Assist GP (Government Pricing) managers in the analysis and reporting of monthly and quarterly AMP (Average Manufacturers Price) and quarterly BP (Best Price).• Collaborate with cross-functional Managed Markets Finance teams to ensure smooth execution of government pricing submissions.• Research and analyze complex Managed Care and Specialty Pharmacy commercial contract terms and conditions to ensure accurate application of price protection, chargeback discounts, and rebate discounts.• Prepare and deliver internally generated reconciliation reports to GP managers and collaborated with IT support teams to ensure data integrity in internal systems.• Provide clear communication to and answer pricing related inquiries from all internal and external GP participants including GP senior management, business unit leadership teams, cross-functional MMF teams, customers, vendors, and government agencies.• Design and develop cash outflow model that consolidates RDs (Revenue Discounts), in excess of $3 billion, from all MMF segments, generates corresponding automated pivot table analytics, provides related variance and trend analysis, and summarizes the RDs by segment, in partnership with Associate Directors and Directors.• Led bi-weekly GP Alerts meetings to communicate product related updates, new customer trade classes, changes in Therapeutic Equivalence Code (TEC), and all other pertinent information which could potentially impact monthly and quarterly pricing submissions.• Assisted GP team members with maintenance of SOPs, SOX documentation, calculation policies and methodologies.MBA Summer Intern, Business Planning & Analysis - MSBUNovartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation - East Hanover, NJ - 2014 to 2014• Partnered with Finance team and cross-functional BU team for $1.2 billion Multiple Sclerosis Business Unit to provide monthly financial performance reporting to MSBU leadership team, variance analysis of key performance indicators, and aiding in 2015 budget development.• Assisted MSBU finance team in budget analytics/presentation with key responsibilities in Extavia demand scenario analysis, Brand Resource optimization, and MS market analytics.• Conducted detailed research and data analysis to forecast 2014 Gilenya Copay expenses, as well as developed 2015 budget, both in excess of $20 million.• Created performance summary for Gilenya to be presented to Head of Pharma, detailing YTD performance, variance analysis, and key strategic priorities and actions for growth.• Collaborated with senior finance professionals across four BUs, as well as cross-functional teams to develop budget allocation summary of key indirect marketing and selling expenses, totaling $400 million for purposes of improved transparency and more accurate performance metrics.￼• Streamlined Extavia forecasting model, enhancing the functionality, detail, and analysis of the model, while reducing the time required to update and validate.AssociateVALUATION SERVICES, INC - Arlington, VA - 2009 to 2010• Conducted detailed analyses using valuation methods such as Discounted Cash Flow, Public Company Comparables, Guideline Company Transaction, Capitalization of Earnings, and the Net Asset Value, completing engagements 25% under budget.• Performed financial forecasting and valuation modeling, competitor and industry analysis, ratio analysis, comparable company analysis, and financial statement due diligence.• Interviewed CEOs and CFOs to obtain a deeper understanding of the business model and future outlook of the companies in order to supplement financial analysis and projections.• Selected by CEO from a group of five candidates to incorporate Duff & Phelps Risk Premium approach in developing cost of equity estimates, and to conduct research and incorporate application of S Corp. premium in valuing S Corporations, increasing engagement fees by 10%.• Assisted in development of proposals and presentations for current and prospective clients. • Supervised and trained newly hired analysts and reviewed their reports prior to submission.AnalystValuation Services, Inc. - Arlington, VA - 2008 to 2009• Prepared comprehensive fair market valuation reports of small-to-middle market operating companies - C Corporations and S Corporations - and/or related minority and majority ownership interests, with combined valuation discounts ranging from 20%-55%.• Valued companies owning various financial assets, including all types of real estate, marketable securities, alternative assets, such as hedge funds and private equity investments, private notes and loans receivable, and convertible debt and equity.Research AnalystIPREO HOLDINGS LLC - Bethesda, MD - 2007 to 2007• Performed research coverage on equity securities, all major fixed income instruments (corporate debt, structured debt, treasuries, sovereigns, and municipal bonds), and hedge funds with a primary focus on North American securities.• Maintained, updated and enhanced the Ipreo database of public and private buy-side and sell-side institutions, ranging from $100MM-$50B in revenues.• Used SEC EDGAR database to review and analyze SEC Form 13F of investment managers in order to obtain information regarding the funds managed and their respective investment strategies, portfolio managers, and portfolio composition.• Interviewed director of research, portfolio managers, research analysts, research associates, and traders at buy-side/sell-side institutions to expand information at staff and firm-level.Additional: • Proficient in Excel, PowerPoint, and Word• Recipient, Certified Valuation Analyst, NACVA, 2009• Actively manage personal investment account since 2008 • Member of the CFA InstituteEDUCATIONMaster of Business Administration in Finance and AccountingTHE STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW JERSEY - Newark, NJMay 2015Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance and International BusinessGEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY - Washington, DC June 2007SKILLSAdvanced Excel and Powerpoint.Financial statement analysis, forecasting, and valuations. CFA Level III Candidate.Recipient, Certified Valuation Analyst (CVA) Designation.