David KrollDirector of Information Technology - Commercial Tax NetworkMontgomery, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/David-Kroll/d05db5306798c8eaWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperPCCA - PK Software - Houston, TX - January 2013 to PresentResponsibilitiesDevelop Pharmacy software in Delphi 6 and Delphi XE2 with Firebird and SQL Server database backend. Update applications from Delphi 6 to Delphi XE2.Took ownership of company website, responsible for updates and changes.Learning C# as part of a rewrite of our current applications, being rewritten by an outside consulting company. Using Telerik theming to create look and feel for new version of software in C#.Director of Information TechnologyCommercial Tax Network - Houston, TX - April 2006 to December 2012Manage computer operations (database, networking, programming, support). As of July, 2009, manage one network/desktop support technician.• Manage server infrastructure on VMWare ESXi 4.• Completely recoded and redesigned legacy MS Access data system application to Delphi 2006/SQL Server. • Work closely with company executives to implement and improve business processes.• DBA for SQL Server 2008 database. Manage indexes, stored procedures and triggers to support database stability and performance. Perform ad-hoc queries to support business needs. Import and update data through the use of DTS and SQL queries.• Maintain legacy internal applications in MS Access. Update and maintain current database application in MS Access 2003. Write custom VB6 code to improve performance and abilities of application.• Create new internal applications using Delphi 2006 and SQL Server 2008. Applications interface with SQL Server and use a variety of technologies including SMTP, downloading through HTTP, MS Word mail merge, exporting data to MS Excel spreadsheets.• Query Appraisal District data to provide targeted mailing lists for marketing.• Administer company email on Exchange Server 2010.• Interact with vendors (phone, internet, LAN, etc.) to assure quality, reliable services.• Managed moving of T1, phone, and LAN services to new building with minimal downtime.• Provide technical support for 25 - 30 employees in two offices (Houston, TX and Atlanta, GA). Support Windows XP Pro environment as well as MS Office 2003/2007, Quickbooks, IE, Firefox, ArcGIS, HP and Dell printers and custom designed software.• Build custom PCs, upgrade and repair PCs.• Maintain company website (commercialtax.com).• Also working with ArcGIS software to provide GIS mapping solutions.Technical ConsultantKim Lighting - Industry, CA - November 2005 to January 2007Provide technical consulting for company's website and software applications. * Provide javascript programming for company's pdf specification sheets.Web Developer/Administrator￼Danzco - Montgomery, TX - August 2004 to December 2006Designed and developed www.danzcodanceacademy.com. Site uses object oriented PHP/mySQL to display dynamic content.* Created custom bulletin board system with PHP/mySQL.* Converted text file based chat script to use PHP/mySQL.* Testing new scripts on Apache Web Server.Web Developer/AdministratorMCYBA - Magnolia, TX - September 2002 to December 2006Designed and developed www.MCYBA.com (Montgomery County Youth Baseball Association). Site features dynamic content, such as team schedules, game results, and team articles. Site uses object oriented PHP scripting and mySQL database.* Also developed and maintain site for tournament team: http://diablos.mcyba.com.Web Developer/AdministratorHit-Away Indoor Sports Facility - Tomball, TX - February 2000 to December 2006Designed and developed www.hit-away.com. Site uses PHP/mySQL to provide dynamic content. * Provide technical support and consulting services.Software Developer IIDesktop Assistance - Houston, TX - October 1999 to November 2005Developed and maintained client website, www.kimlighting.com• Solely responsible for updating Kim Lighting specification sheets for use in their Specification CD software and their website.• Modified Kim Lighting's PDF product specification sheets to allow for user interaction using JavaScript.• Handled all technical support for Kim Lighting software and website.• Helped develop in-house application to automatically build all pages for the Kim Lighting website.• Designed and developed several key applications in our custom information management system. The first is a messaging and workflow application, similar to MS Outlook. The second is a viewer for viewing our custom documents.• Design and develop software applications using Borland Delphi 4, 5, 6 and 7 and several database systems (e.g. Interbase, MS Access, Dbase).• Developed several small applications that interacted with XML.• Handled all technical support for our software for the first 1-1⁄2 years of my employment at Desktop Assistance. • Developed in-house Development Guidelines and Standards documentation for our current project.Programmer I/IITexas Department of Criminal Justice - Human Resources - Huntsville, TX - 1998 to 1999Designed and developed custom software applications for use in the Human Resources headquarters using Borland Delphi 3 and 4, and IBM DB2 database system.• Communicated with analysts and end-users in several departments to acquire specifications for new applications.• Helped develop the IBM DB2 database that would be the heart of all Human Resource applications.• Worked with System Support representatives to help solve user computer problems. (e.g. Software problems, connecting to the database, etc.)• Was the IS/IT liaison to the web site development group, which consisted of members of each HR department.Internet and Technologies ProgrammerTejas Instruments, Inc - The Woodlands, TX - 1998 to 1998Developed an inventory entry database system using Microsoft Access 97.• Assisted in the development of Tejas Instruments Oil and Gas Flow Products Inc. and TexaCan Surplus Pipeline Equipment Inc. web sites and Internet endeavors.• Assisted office staff in use of common software (i.e. Word, Excel)Jr. ProgrammerVintage Sports Plaques - Conroe, TX - 1997 to 1997Developed in-house reporting applications using FoxPro and Dbase. • Assisted office staff in use of common software (i.e. Word, Excel).Programmer/AnalystSterling Trust Company - Waco, TX - 1995 to 1997Developed VAX/VMS data entry and reporting applications using COBOL and DB2 database system.• Consulted with end-users to obtain specifications for new or existing applications.• Provided users with a wide range of technical support, from 3rd party software applications, to in-house applications, to basic computer tasks.EDUCATIONTechnology Usage/KnowledgeSummary of Technology Usage June 2006Montgomery Community College - Conroe, TX 1999 to 1999AAS in Computer Science TechnologyTexas State Technical College - Waco, TX 1995 to 1997AASTexas State Technical CollegeSKILLSDelphi, SQL Server, MS Access, Software Development, Database Design, Database Development, PC Maintenance and Repair, MS Word, MS Excel, MS Access, HTML, Web Design, ArcGISLINKS http://www.linkedin.com/in/davidkroll76￼