Deepthi Jarugu Software Developer - VISA- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Deepthi-Jarugu/9c1cf183fac77040• Overall 6+ years of hands on experience in Software Design, Development, Implementation and Maintenance.• 4+ years of strong programming experience in Java, J2EE technologies and 2 years in Mainframe technologies.• Strong knowledge on core java concepts like Object Oriented Programming, Serialization, Collection API, Multithreading, Exception handling.• Proficient in Computer Science fundamentals such as Data Structures and Algorithms.• Strong Experience using ORM Object-Relational Mapping Tools like Hibernate.• Developed DAO classes using JPA and Hibernate framework for persistence management.• Experience in RDBMS Design, ER modeling, SQL, PL/SQL.• Strong Knowledge/Experience using different modules in spring framework including Core, Spring AOP and Spring MVC to build and maintain web applications.• Experience in Web Services technologies like SOAP, WSDL, REST, Apache Axis, JAX-WS, JAX-RS.• Experience in developing UNIX Shell scripts required for automation, batch job processing and deployment needs.• Worked on application/web servers like BEA Web logic, Apache Tomcat, JBOSS.• Proficient in Software Version Control tools like Perforce, Subversion and Git.• Worked with multiple Integrated Development Environments (IDEs) such as Eclipse, Spring Tool Suite (STS) and JDeveloper.• Excellent working experience with different operating systems like Windows, UNIX, LINUX.• Currently working as Software Developer at VISA.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperVISA - Foster City, CA - December 2014 to PresentClient: VISAProject: In-house Automation frameworkDescription:VISA team came up with an initiative to develop an in-house framework that could help the QA team to do extensive end to end testing of SOAP, REST and MQ services. The motive is to understand the features of the tools like Jmeter and Parasoft SOA test which are currently being used by the team for testing, replicate most of the features into custom framework as well as add additional features based on the specific needs of QA team. This would give more flexibility and control over the framework as per user needs. Few of the features implemented in the framework include data driven testing techniques with specific range of test data from system files as well as different databases, dynamic data capture for sequential execution of inter dependent test cases, several custom assertions involving xml and JSON parsing, custom report formatting and email notifications.Responsibilities:• Designed and implemented automation framework that enables testers to perform end to end testing of all web service components.• Gathered requirements from QA team for designing end to end automation framework.￼• Designed a very user friendly and flexible framework that can work as XML driven application as well as an API by integrating with TestNG.• Worked extensively on xml parsing, schema design and JSON parsing.• Developed generic REST and SOAP clients.• Developed framework to handle SSL certificates programmatically.• Implemented data handlers to read and write data from Excel and Csv files and DB connection utilities for differenttypes of databases.• Integrated log4j implementation for logging.• Implemented couple of reporting components using Java script and HTML.Environment: Java/J2EE, REST and SOAP Webservices, JDBC, SQL, MQ, XML, XSD, JavaScript, HTML, Maven, Jenkins, TestNG.Software EngineerCore Logic Dorado - October 2011 to November 2014Client: CHASEProject: Chase mortgage application (CLOSR)Description:CLOSR application is a comprehensive solution that encompasses various product components, including Channel Master, Price Master, Source Master, .MOR, and third party services to deliver streamlined fulfillment of loans and other financial services for CHASE. The Dorado Enterprise Lending System (ELS) provides the loan production process with maximum flexibility, thereby enabling lenders to easily adapt to changing market dynamics and regulations, introduce new products, scale to meet demand, and generally increase competitiveness. Most loan origination systems are severely constrained by their dependence on hard-coded rules and integrations, which create barriers to adaptation. In contrast, the ELS architecture, with its process orchestration layer, provides a highly flexible, easily adaptable solution and platform for meeting the business needs of lenders.Responsibilities:• Participated in all phases of SDLC using Agile Methodology for several enhancement projects.• Prepared technical design documents and implemented several new functionalities in the application.• Worked extensively on Hibernate as ORM tool for backend data persistence and developed custom queries in HQL.• Implemented SOAP based web-services.• Worked with XML using DOM and SAX parsers and schema design.• Worked on root cause analysis and bug fixes for production defects.• Resolved several critical production issues in the financial application.• Worked on UNIX Shell scripting for automations.• Worked on enhancement of Interactive GUI screens using Adobe Flex3 and action scripts.• Implemented stored procedures, functions and developed complex SQL queries and PL/SQL scripts for Oracle database.Environment: Java/J2EE, Hibernate, Oracle Weblogic, JDBC, SQL, PL/SQL, MQ, SOAP Webservices, UNIX Shell scripting, Flex, XML, ActionScript.Sr. Software EngineerCSC - January 2010 to November 2010Client: Farmers Insurance Project: III FFQ3 Description:FFQ3, Farmers fast Quote 3, a new application (used by Direct Insured to quote premium for their vehicles) with the Framework integrated with Existing CICS application. Previously FFQ2 was used to run with 3rd party premium derivation machine and as the insured felt skeptical about the accuracy of the premium derived, farmers decided to implement the same way of deriving the premium used in Agent Initiated CICS based system. So we decided to build the flexible framework to build the application in-house and integrate with the existing applications (Express, ADE, eCMS, CSS, AWS, Farmers.com, Data Mart).Responsibilities:• Create brief technical specification documents according to verbal and written functional requirements.• Prepare Technical Specification Document, Interface Document and Detailed Design Document.• Based on technical and functional specifications developed test plans and acceptance criteria.• Development and implementation of core components.• Implemented coding conventions and standards to enhance source code management and increase software maintainability.• Interacting with the client and the onsite coordinator for issues and queries in the project.• Instrumenting, debugging and profiling applications to focus optimization efforts.Environment: Java/J2EE, Spring Core, Spring MVC, Hibernate, Oracle Weblogic, JAX-WS, XML, XSD.Software EngineerCSC - June 2007 to December 2009Client: Farmers InsuranceProject: APPS and FPPS release projectsDescription:Farmers Insurance Group of Companies is based in Los Angeles, California, and operates across 41 states in the United States of America. It is one of USA's largest writers of both private passenger automobile and homeowners insurance. Farmers Personal Lines Applications is a Web and Mainframe based Application which is being used by the Insurance agents. The Personal lines include Automobile, Home and Life Insurance.Responsibilities:• Worked in highly challenging monthly release model.• Involved in interaction with client during requirement gathering phase.• Preparation of Technical Specification and Detailed Design Documents.• Development of test plans and acceptance criteria based on technical and functional specifications.• Development and implementation of core components.• Constant interaction with the client and onsite coordinator for issues and queries in the project through implementation.• Code reviews.• Monitor end user incidents and resolve them.Environment: COBOL, JCL, VSAM, CICS, DB2, Endevor, File-Aid, SPUFI.EDUCATIONBachelor of Engineering in GITAMSAndhra UniversityADDITIONAL INFORMATION Technical Skills:Web/Java Technologies J2SE, J2EE (JSP/Servlets, EJB), JDBC, Spring (Core, AOP, MVC), Hibernate, JUnit, Web Services, SOAP, WSDL, REST, JMS, XSD, XML.Web/Application Servers Oracle Weblogic, Apache Tomcat.Scripting Languages Unix Shell Scripting.Software Methodologies Agile, RUPRDBMS Oracle, DB2, MySQLMainframe Technologies COBOL, CICS, JCL, VSAMSoftware Tools Perforce, Git, SVN, Eclipse, JDeveloper, SOAP UI, Maven, SPUFI Operating Systems Windows, Unix, Red hat Linux.