Delaney Callender Finance ManagerBronx, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Delaney-Callender/53e801cd60ed8ce6WORK EXPERIENCEFinance ManagerThe Madison Square Garden Company - New York, NY - November 2000 to October 201410121• Partnered with the VP of Finance on the FP&A process and its tactical implementation.• Explained budget, forecast and outlook variances utilizing Excel, Crystal, and TM1 reports.• Key point of contact providing profitability and cost analysis, financial solutions for events.• Developed financial methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results and strategic insight for senior management.• Managed financial performance of $50 million for 125+ annual events across two business units.• Project leader on the financial modeling transition from the Hyperion Pillar to Cognos TM1.• Managed 14+ years of month end closings and accounting processes for the controller's letters preparation, variance schedules, risks and opportunities, key stats, balance sheet entry postings and analysis, revenue recognition through general ledger journal entries, preparing outgoing wires/checks transfers, accrual setups and releases, sponsorship and signage postings.Finance AnalystBMG Entertainment - New York, NY - October 1999 to September 200010022• Financial modeling and project management of BMG's online CD Music division.• Assisted with the preparation of monthly & quarterly deliverables to senior management.• Generated monthly, quarterly and yearly sales reports for management using excel pivot tables. • Variance analysis of sales curves, bi-weekly sales, statistics, enrollments and flash sales.• Inventory analysis and month-end closings.Procurement AnalystCredit Suisse First Boston - New York, NY - December 1997 to October 199910010• Provided critical asset analytics to the VP of IT Procurement using excel reports.• Procured of hardware, software and server equipment for end users configuration from vendors. • Negotiated with vendors for pricing configurations of computers, laptops and peripheral.• Created procurement reports using Excel for capital expenditures.• Prepared month-end close capital expenditure reports using PeopleSoft.Administrative AssistantColahan Saunders Corporation - New York, NY - January 1996 to August 199710013• Processed purchase orders, inventory reconciliation and sales reports generation.• Prepared international shipping documentation for overseas financial printing orders.Interim PersonalColahan Saunders Corporation - New York, NY - September 1996 to December 1996￼10010• Sanford C Bernstein - Financial and Transactions Records Clerk. • Goldman Sacks - IBD Financial Floor Representative.Skills and Technology• Proven ability in leadership roles to manage people, tasks and complex projects• Financial Modeling, MS Office, Pivot tables & Vlookups, Cognos TM1, BOCS, Concur, Hyperion, Oracle 11i, SAP, Crystal, Puridium, PeopleSoft, Ticketmaster, Peachtree, MAS90EDUCATIONMBA in FinanceMercy College - Dobbs Ferry, NY 2013BusinessMetropolitan College of NY - New York, NY 1997