Derrick LamersNetwork Administrator - Affinity Group Credit UnionUtica, MI - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Derrick-Lamers/40bee651bd451b33An experienced and self-motivated Information Technology Professional dedicated to working as a team and building dependable relationships with end users. His wide range of skills and technical knowledge make him a great asset to any team. When faced with a new challenge, he embraces it with open arms and considers an opportunity to advance his knowledge and increase his every growing skill set.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorAffinity Group Credit Union - Pontiac, MI - August 2012 to PresentProvide 24x7 support to all users across the organization utilizing phone and help desk support channels• Configure and maintain remote appliance insuring only approved users are provide with remote access to the corporate network.• Built and configured Exchange 2013 in a virtualized environment that includes three Exchange servers working in a high-availability and site-resiliency configuration. Then migrated all users from Exchange 2010. • Built and configured two virtualized data servers utilizing DFS and transitioned data from legacy hardware. • Transitioned Server 2003 Domain Controllers to a virtualized environment running Server 2008.• Configure and maintain ShoreTel phone system for all employees including web and video conferencing and mobility access appliance for remote access to the phone system via mobile device.• Monitor, maintain, and configure four VMWare ESXi host servers• Monitor and maintain all servers and workstations. Verifying all equipment has the most recent updates, antivirus definitions, and all hardware is performing without error.• Create and document procedures for the I.T. department and the end users.• Developed a remote support tool allowing support staff to access remote workstations securely without the need for support agent software running on workstations or servers.• Automated several backend tasks to allow for better performance and efficiency.• Build, configure, and deploy new workstations across the organization• Utilize network-monitoring software to monitor all networking equipment and review any potential issues that may arise.• Provide management with frequent updates on network and system performance along with presenting any potential concerns or issues.• Configure and maintain a corporate wide wireless network securely configured for corporate use will providing a separate network for guest access.• Work with third party vendors for projects, product support, and additional I.T. support services.Founder and CEOLamers Creative - Township, MI, US - January 2004 to PresentDesign and develop web sites for clients. Provide search engine optimization for clients. Provide technical support and maintenance to all clients.• Provide web hosting and server management services.• Offer social media/marketing consultations• Work with local non-profits to provide discounted solutions and services.Information Technology Specialist￼Genisys Credit Union - Auburn Hills, MI - February 2008 to August 2012Operate and maintain corporate computers systems, technology, and related systems. • Manage user requests via phone and electronic help desk.• Improve daily processes through automation scripting• Maintain online banking platform• Implemented an Online Meeting replacement application estimated to save the organization $1200/yr • Interact with software vendors to aid in issue resolution.• Develop and maintain an employee security level management suite• Create training materials/ help guides for newly released applications• Developed an online location application that saved the organization $1,000 per yearElectronics SpecialistTarget Corporation - Chesterfield, MI - December 2001 to February 2008Manage and maintain the electronics department.• Meet and exceed credit and sales goals set by company.• Train new team members on company procedures and expectations.• Lead team members in provided the highest quality of service to guests.EDUCATIONBachelor of Business Administration in Information TechnologyWalsh College - Troy, MI June 2007Business AdministrationMacomb Community College - Charter Township of Clinton, MI December 2005ADDITIONAL INFORMATION TECHNICAL SKILLSActive Directory Administration C#, Perl, MS SQL, Microsoft IIS Citrix Presentation Server DNS, TCP/IP, DHCP HTML, PHP, JavaScript, MYSQL Microsoft Office 2007-13 HelpDesk Administration Unix/Linux Administration Exchange 2007/2013Lotus Notes / Lotus Designer PRTG Network Monitor Windows Server 2003-2012Open Solutions DNA UltraData Financial Services Platform Onbase Imaging Software CU*Answers GOLD Laserfiche Imaging Platform Televantage Phone System Symantec Backup Exec LifeSize Video Conferencing Microsoft SharePointESET Enterprise Antivirus LabTech IT Management Platform ShoreTel Phone System Adtran Switch Configuration MVi Applications VMware ESXi, vCenterShadowProtect ADTran Switches Group Policy Management