Dolly RajdevSoftware Engineer - Computer Science CorporationAustin, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dolly-Rajdev/a608807e4f7b0706• 6 year of experience in the field of Software Development as Software Engineer• Bachelor Degree in Computer Engineering, Certified Microsoft .Net Framework 2.0-Web Based Client Development & Microsoft .Net Framework -Application Development Foundation• Expertise dealing with Automotive, Oil Gas and Insurance Domain.• Experience working with cross-functional team, manager & Sr. Management across the globe.• Effective communication skills, organizational skills, strategic planning & resource management.• Learned Unity tool and developed a small game which can be deployed on all the platforms including Windows, Android and IOS.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware EngineerComputer Science Corporation - Columbia, SC - July 2011 to PresentProject: "Agency Link" for Client "Chubb".• Agency Link is an intranet application that caters to the business requirements of the leading insurance companies of United States by following ACORD industry standards. ACORD Standards allow different companies to transact business electronically with agents, brokers and other data partners in the insurance, reinsurance and related financial services industries. They serve as a commoncommunication method to be used by multiple parties, thereby increasing the efficiency of the entire industry.• Agency Link is a web based product that helps Agents to create insurance policies for the customers. Agency Link extends the reach of Agents and ensures an edge over the competition. It helps agents to provide unprecedented levels of service, while reducing internal cost and adding efficiencies.• About Chubb: Biggest Agency Link customer which operates in 52 states in US and has diverse Lines of Business like CPP (Commercial Package Policy), BOP (Business Owner's Policy) and WC (Worker's Compensation) and with all the three subsystems New Business, Endorsement and Renewals withInquiry. The development also involved customizing the Agency Link system to suit the changesrequired by the customer.• Skills: ASP.NET 2.0, VB.NET, SQL SERVER 2000/2005, Java Script, XML, XSLT, AJAX, CSS, Web Services,Cruise Control, VB Script• Tools: Tortoise Subversion (for source code control)• Responsibilities:- Understand business needs for new enhancements in the software and design robust solutionbased on it.- Work on different components of the system and provide mentorship and direction to peers and small teams. - Provide best possible product and follow through on issues escalated to the development team as well as work with the business analysts and quality assurance teams- Generate complex stored procedures in SQL server.- Provide design and code reviews to peers.- Provide unit tests and product documentation.￼Software EngineerTCS, Pune, India - March 2008 to June 2011Project: "Canrig Offshore -Resource Scheduler" for Client "Canrig Drilling Technology".• Canrig Offshore Resource Scheduler system is a powerful user configurable time-line based resource scheduling tool. The dynamic time line grid (Gantt Chart) allows the user to graphically plan, manage and monitor their Company's Projected activities. Business plans are easily modeled and 'what-if'scenarios visualized with the drag and drop ease.• Resource Scheduler System enables user to optimize their long range scheduling goals as well as plan and manage their resource's weekly, monthly or quarterly activities.• Skills: ASP.NET 2.0, VB.NET, SQL SERVER 2000/2005, Oracle 10g, Reporting Services, Crystal Reports 10, Java Script & VB Script• Tools: Spectrum(for source code control) & Microsoft Visual Studio• Responsibilities:- Involved in systems analysis and application development to support business needs.- Assists in planning, organizing and controlling the activities of the area, which include providingeffort estimates, development and peer review of the new components.- Analyze existing system and programming logic to provide more efficient machine operations or to identify difficulties, and revise the logic and procedures involved as necessary.- Generate complex stored procedures in SQL serverProject: "New Authoring Tool" for Client "Nissan Motor Co. Ltd"• The NAT (New Authoring Tool) is web-based integrated tool to capture the ECU diagnosis information and use the data in the creation of Consult-IV information.• With the NAT, a user can create or modify the ECU. The timing and communication details related to the ECU are captured in the new tool as entered by the user. With this tool, the user can create andmodify the data items for an ECU, add requests and Diagnostic Trouble Codes (DTCs) for an ECU.• The application supports capturing of Consult-III data and the vehicle data.• One of the features of the application is creation of the ODX files. ODX files are the collection of the ECU diagnostic data in the standard format which is used universally for the diagnosis of ECU. The new application also supports tracking of the ECU development process.• Skills: ASP.NET, VB.NET, SQL Server 2005, Java Scripting, XML, XSLT, AJAX• Tools: MS-VSS• Responsibilities:• Involved in the requirement gathering from client.• Reframing of requirements into technical approach, effort estimate, development, unit testing, Integration testing, documentation, peer review.• Involved in the various database activities including -table design, creation of - Stored Procedures, DDL and DML Triggers, Views, Constraints, User Defined Functions, Indexes, Creation of Users,• Providing different permissions to different roles on various databases.EDUCATIONB.E in Computer ScienceRajiv Gandhi Prodyogiki Vishwavidyalaya University - Indore, Madhya Pradesh 2007ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SKILLS• Languages: C#.Net 2008, VB.Net, Visual Basic 6.0, JavaScript, HTML, T-SQL, PL-SQL• Web Technologies: ASP.Net 2.0 and 1.1, ASP, Ajax, Web Services, WCF, LINQ, CSS, XML, XSLT• Concepts: Web Services, Multi-Threading, Remoting, WCF, OOPs Concepts and Design Patterns, Caching. • RDBMS and Database access: SQL Server 2008/2005/2000, ADO. Net, Oracle 9i.• Platforms and Servers: Windows 7/NT/2K/2003/XP, IIS (Internet Information Server), Apache Tomcat• Methodology and Development Tools: Visual Studio.NET 2005/2003 Framework IDE, Visual Studio 6.0, Beyond Compare, Cruise Control.• Configuration Management Tools: Visual Source Safe, Spectrum, Tortoise Subversion.• Knowledge: .NET 3.5, WPF• Reporting Tools: Crystal Reports9.0• Domain Experience: Automotive Domain, Oil and Gas, Insurance.