Donald Swofford Web Developer IV - University of TexasPearland, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Donald-Swofford/47fb5ee26864d579WORK EXPERIENCEWeb Developer IVUniversity of Texas - Houston, TX - December 2014 to PresentJob Summary: I am lead web developer for many of the Children's Learning Institutes grant. I primarily work with state initiatives.• Managed recruiting, selection, hiring, training, professional development, mentoring, performance evaluations, salary planning and termination of direct reports.• Reviewed vendor proposals, budgets, RFPs and other matters related to the institutions web presence.• Developed departmental budget for web related projects.• Stayed current on technology and adapted Children's Learning Institute software, applications, resources and personnel in advance to make sure the institution was always prepared to meet its needs.• Conducted feasibility studies, focus groups, joint application development sessions, costs analysis, and resource allocation analysis to determine whether a project was feasible and if so what the impact would be on the organization.• Used data gathered during analysis to write technology components of many successful grants.• Oversaw the integration of many complex applications and data systems involving research containing HIPPA and FERPA data.Web Developer IIIUniversity of Texas - Houston, TX - October 2010 to December 2014Job Summary: I was the sole developer for the Texas Early learning Council. Responsible for developing numerous websites in C# ASP.NET and SQL as part of a three year $11 million dollar grant that was created as a joint effort between national state and local governments. All projects were completed using ASP.NET, C#, and SQL.• Texas Early Childhood Trainer Registry: Developed a prototype application with core functionality based on JAD sessions, project plans, business requirements and timelines I created. Authentication and security were large focuses of this application I had to develop a custom authentication class that allowed users to tie in to our company LDAP system and upload HIPPA and FERPA protected documents to a secured storage area. • Texas Early Childhood Standards Comparison Tool: A statewide tool for teachers to use that allows them to compare standards from multiple agencies. Since the average user for this tool is not tech savvy there was a large focus on usability. This tool received an outpouring of support and appreciation statewide and nationally for its ease of use, so much so that other organizations removed similar tools and redirected their websites to ours.• Created the Texas Early Learning Council's website and implemented the UMBRACO Content Management System with custom functionality to enable the communications specialist to create, articles, news pages, newsletters and post media without needing developer assistance.• Conducted usability testing.• Conducted feasibility studies for various applications.• Contributed to the university's usability standards.• Created and maintained web content access rights for appropriate individuals.￼• Contributed to university web guidelines through interaction with other leaders in web development.• Contributed to university web development strategic goals through interaction with other leaders in web development.Web Content SpecialistHouston Community College John B. Coleman College for Health Sciences - Houston, TX - January 2010 to October 2010Job Summary: I was the manager of all digital communications for HCC's health science college (Coleman College). This included development of websites, digital signage, online advertising and managing a graphic design team. All projects were completed using PHP in a LAMP environment as well as the Vignette Content Management System.• Used my previous experience installing Vignette Content Management System to create a custom Learning Management System where instructors could upload course syllabi, professor CV's, streaming video etc.• Developed a portal where prospective students could preregister for enrollment and information sessions that included Login, Authentication, Complex Faculty & Staff data management via a custom administrative control panel and email confirmations and lost password recovery modules.• Developed an internal communications request form that allowed employees to submit project requests for media creation, web development, event planning etc. The form was submitted to specific individuals based on data entered into the form. This was developed in PHP on a LAMP environment.• Liaised with department chairs and developed departmental websites.• Worked closely with Web Services and Public Relations to ensure that content displayed on the web portal was designed and developed to effectively meet the marketing goals and objectives of Coleman College.OwnerSwofford Enterprises - Houston, TX - November 2003 to March 2010Job Summary: Directed all aspects of a website hosting company for Purple Roo's development customers.• Directed the implementation and performance tuning of Windows Server environment for client's global operations. Delivered a major improvement over old VPN system that catapulted productivity of remote sales force.• Led large-scale Linux server upgrade for multinational consulting firm, which significantly enhanced system performance.• Created customized hosting solutions for customers that allowed applications to function at optimum levels. • Stabilized, expanded and protected client networks and PC environments. Built new file servers to maximize Web hosting, terminal server, file/print sharing and domain control performance.OwnerSwofford Enterprises, Purple Roo - Houston, TX - November 1999 to March 2010Job Summary: Operated a web development and design company that designed custom software applications and graphics for many clients around the world.• Maximized productivity by setting clear expectations and proactively communicating project status, issues and risks to internal stakeholders and top management.• Drafted and distributed project objectives and tasks to the solutions team.• Negotiated successfully with clients, staff and outside vendors.• Nurtured relationships with project sponsors as well as business and IT executives.• Crafted and disseminated a clear vision by linking projects to the company's objectives and results. • Directed and oversaw multiple PMs and/or team leads on complex projects.• Ensured integrity and delivery of multiple projects with respect to time, budget, scope, change, risk and resources.• Assessed project issues and identified solutions to meet productivity, quality and customer goals.• Managed resource allocation across multiple projects including tracking resource bandwidth and forecasting future availability for scheduling new projects.• Guaranteed the attainment of key milestones by proactively tracking metrics and project outputs.• Applied effective project management methodologies and control techniques.• Mitigated risk by identifying, escalating and resolving issues across multiple delivery groups and/or projects. • Conducted planning and operational readiness assessments to provide an effective transition into production. • Managed recruiting selection, hiring, termination, training, professional development, mentoring, counseling, performance evaluations, and salary planningWeb Content SpecialistHouston Community College - Houston, TX - February 2009 to January 2010Job Summary: As the lead web developer for the entire HCC System in addition to setting company development standards for all HCC developers and graphic designers I created dynamic content delivery applications.• Managed external contractors to execute multi-million dollar website redesign projects, application development, and overall maintenance.• Developed a widget that the Houston Chronicle still has on their Business website that allows HCC to push streaming video, news, ads and other digital content to the chronicles website with no involvement of the Houston Chronicle needed.• Developed an online enrollment application that allows students a paperless option to enroll with HCC which significantly improved profitability and efficiency.• Created a digital format of the college course catalog that was populated via PeopleSoft export and sorted to allow advanced search and filtering capabilities which greatly reduced HCC's printing costs.• Developed Flash versions of communications ads with specific Action Script that allowed the chronicle and other agencies to provide us with traffic information click through rates etc.Digital Communications CoordinatorHouston Community College John B. Coleman College for Health Sciences - Houston, TX - January 2008 to February 2009Job Summary: I was the manager of all digital communications for HCC's health science college (Coleman College). This overseeing development of websites, digital signage, online advertising and managing a graphic design team.• Lead joint application design sessions with faculty and staff to select content contributors, approvers, publishers, and determine content management workflow.• Worked closely with College President and Director of Public Relations as well as college public relation personnel and other HCC Coleman faculty and staff, to develop and deliver effective marketing messages.• Managed a diverse team of system administrators, system analysts, business analysts, graphic designers, web content specialists and event planners to design unique applications that helped our university meet its marketing objectives• Participated in a 5 person system wide development and design panel that designed a new layout for HCC and implemented the Vignette Content Management System.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLS AND CERTIFICATIONS• Programming Languages: C#, SQL, PHP, JavaScript, ActionScript• Markup Languages: XHTML, HTML, XML• Web Server Software: IIS, Apache HTTP Server, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL • Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows, Linux, MAC OS X, MAC OS, MS-DOS • Miscellaneous Applications: Adobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Visual Studio