duane characheLe Roy, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/duane-charache/80534ca2d179eb54WORK EXPERIENCECarpenterorcon industry - leroy, ny. - September 2013 to March 2015ResponsibilitiesI built custom pallets from blueprints, milling rough lumber to size for that project, helping others read and understand blueprints and show them the best way to get projects done on timeAccomplishmentsI helped to improve some of the projects effciency, I helped other people get better at there jobs by showing them different ways to go about doing them and changed some the process to improve productivity.Skills UsedI had to use many of my carpentry skills do my job such as: Cutting lumber to size, measuring lumber to make sure it would work for that project, reading blueprints and understanding the process to insure pallets were built on time, time management, et cetera.Carpenter / sidingAmerican home remodeling - Batavia, NY - June 2010 to April 2013ResponsibilitiesI sided homes from the ground up. I did everything from tearing off old siding to installing foam bending metal for Windows doors and facia. Installing soffit and siding trim ectAccomplishmentsI can take an old run down house and turn it in to a brand new home for people to enjoy for the rest of their lived. Every project was a new learning experience which helped to constantly improve my skill and knowledge . I would listen to the customer and do the project according to there wishes so they would be happy with the final product.Skills UsedI would have measure the house and figure out what material I would need to do that project. I would have to measure and cut the material to fit I would install windows and doors and accessories that the customer required.Carpentermastercare restoration - leroy ny - July 2008 to July 2010ResponsibilitiesThis was a fire restoration company and what I would have to do is take out all damaged material and replace it with new. I was proficient in framing, drywall, flooring, installing kitchens, bathrooms, windows, doors, trim work roofing sidings installing fixtures et cetera.AccomplishmentsI learned how to properly install many materials in a house, learned how to be more of a leader than just a worker, and I improved people's homes and many times saved their home from complete destruction.￼Skills UsedMeasuring, cutting, proper tool usage, leadership, working very well with others, roofing siding, flooring, et ceteraEDUCATION2 year deploma in building trades programboces - Batavia, NY 2000 to 2002high school diploma in main coursePavilion high school - Pavilion, NY 1988 to 2002