Dustin SmithCisco Certified Networking Administrator - Microsoft Server and ExchangeLongmont, CO - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dustin-Smith/e22c5519d4d97019Installs, operates, and performs unit maintenance on multi-functional/multi-user information processing systems and peripheral equipment and auxiliary devices. Troubleshoots automation equipment and systems to the degree required for isolation of malfunctions to specific hardware or soft ware. Assists in the design, preparation, editing, and testing of computer programs. Troubleshoots software using established debugging procedures.WORK EXPERIENCECisco Certified Networking AdministratorMicrosoft Server and Exchange - January 2015 to Present • End user supportInformation Technology Specialist, 01/2015 to Present• Educated in CompTIA A+, Cisco Certified Networking Administrator, Microsoft Server and Exchange, Cisco VOIP, Security + and DoD Specific Communications Systems.• Ability to integrate information security technology best practices with a detailed level of understanding of the management of information security risk.• Analyzing hardware, software, peripheral equipment and technical issues, evaluating alternatives, and making recommendations based on findings.• Capabilities of computer systems, including networked environments and peripheral devices.Manager/SupervisorCobra Design Build LLC - Longmont, CO - May 2014 to December 2014Prepare and monitor project budgets and schedules to ensure projects are delivered within scope, meeting or exceeding client expectations.• Managed over 70 employees and created team building within the location.• Provide support across the company with systems including but not limited to company email, smartphones, PCs, applications, printers and hardware/software.OperatorCounter Rocket Artillery & Mortar - January 2013 to April 2014United States Army Ft. Sill, OK• Troubleshoot straightforward networking problems independently by investigating underlying problems• Monitor and respond to network incidents, triage and resolve the problem; resulting in 99 percent customer satisfaction.• Part of a 6-person team that instituted complex integrated networks allowing 9 systems to provide early warning and detection.• Assisted in the deployment of network equipment, configurations, and support of LAN, WAN, WLAN and VoIP infrastructure.Radar Operations Instructor, Section ChiefUnited States Army Vilseck - November 2009 to January 2013 Germany￼• Responsible for training 300 employees to became completely confident and competent in the Field Artillery Radar Firefinder Operations; 300 employees graduated and became proficient in their field.• Managed $14 million in radar equipment with zero incidents.• Coordinated four elements of 24 employees to come together to accomplish one training event.• Developed and managed a section standard for section certifications leading to a standard used by 48 employees to successfully certify their elements.Arms Room ManagerUnited States Army Vilseck - September 2008 to March 2010Germany• Responsible for the accountability and maintenance on $20 million worth of weapons and equipment; only manager to receive a commendable rating over 35 peers.• Responsible for deploying and training 400 employees for a 15-month operation in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom.• Honor graduate for US Army Small Arms Maintenance Course.EDUCATIONPinnacle Career Institute July 2011 to PresentBachelors of Science in Sports and Health SciencesAmerican Military University January 2008 to PresentADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkills• Time Management • Microsoft Suite • Network Security• Efficient communication