Edmond Jones Network AdministratorBrooklyn, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Edmond-Jones/0c31cffd067740eeDesktop Support Technician and Windows Network Administrator with seven years of technical hands-on experience in the IT field emphasize helpdesk, desktop and network administration. Excellent problem solver and team player with good communication and interpersonal skillsWORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorSpanish Broadcasting System - Miami, FL - 2008 to 2009Supported operations and administration of two radio stations (MEGA 97.9 FM and AMOR 93.1 FM) automated systems, related to computer and network hardware (switches, routers cables), software, telephone systems and data communications• Was responsible for installing, monitoring Citrix 4.5 Server and maintenance and troubleshooting of Citrix Server farm running 10+ Windows 2003 servers• Supported daily and on-going operations, planning, engineering, and resource allocation for the firm's BlackBerry Enterprise Server (BES) infrastructure. Had day-to-day responsibility for BES-related technical problem resolution, ordering of equipment, PDA option settings• Maintained current in industry-related areas, including security issues and patches, new technologies and changes with potential impact to business. Performed Windows 2003, 2000, POWER and Exchange user account creation and troubleshooting. Provided server, PC and network hardware/software break-fix, setup and configuration. Performed user support for shrink-wrap applications and desktop PC's• Was responsible for installation and maintenance of servers and networking hardware. Provided account and security management of Active Directory, user profiles, user account policies and daily backups• Supported and troubleshoot Esafe firewall work related issues. Provided daily updates to remove spam, malware, spyware and viruses• Maintained IT equipment inventory, including asset and inventory management, recording and analysis of equipment costs. Prepare charts and diagrams outlining network operation. Prepare checklists and processes related to IT helpdesk operation. Analyze workload, including traffic and utilization trends. Maintained confidentiality of company information. On call after hours for urgent network related issues• Worked closely with the Corporate Senior Systems and Security Administrators and other LAN/WANDesktop Support AnalystEn Pointe Technology Inc - Gardena, CA - 2007 to 2008Resolve issues of network security administration, network administration automation, system backups, system operation and maintenance, system software upgrades• Image new computers utilizing "Swimage" and deploy using refined systematic procedures within an active Viacom environment. Responsibilities include recovering, staging, decommissioning and redeploying reclaimed equipment to other locations within Viacom Corp• Provide helpdesk and desktop, laptop support and troubleshooting, utilized problem determination skills to resolve various hardware and software problems• Provide Windows and MS Office support; remote access tools; BlackBerry support; Cisco VPN deployment and troubleshooting• Install and maintain in-house applications on department's desktop systems. Performed RAM upgrades and hardware installations on department desktop systems￼• Dispatched tickets with appropriate priorities to technical resources. Administrated the escalation feature of BMC (Help Desk software)PC, LAN Support SpecialistUnited Building Security Inc - Dallas, TX - 2005 to 2007Created/managed network accounts for staff in assigned offices .Troubleshoot hardware and software issues on a daily or weekly basis. Installing/configuring of blackberry PDA's. Ensure workstations/server data integrity by evaluating and implementing appropriate software/hardware solutions• Installed and maintained electronic security access to the client's buildings• Troubleshoot issues with TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP and internet service. Perform level two and level three troubleshooting and ticket resolution. Implement operational support standards and procedures relating performance management and security• Document desktop and application configurations, processes, and create end user instruction guides. Setup and manage in-house software and printers. Creating and maintaining desktop images. Manage and monitor phone system. Responsible for handling service related issues for laptops, workstations, printers, and network connectivity during the training sessionsJunior network administratorO'Melveny & Myers, LLP - Menlo Park, CA - 2003 to 2005Created and managed user accounts, groups, and security permissions and provided end-user training for new employees. Created and managed printers and print queues; setup/maintained print server hardware consisting of HP Jet direct print servers. • Performed server backups and restorations using Arcserve software. Coordinated and performed server NOS upgrades, server software installs, and apply service packs and patches • Maintained entire network infrastructure - Ethernet hubs, switches, patch panels, and cabling and coordinated design and expansion of physical network layout and all server hardware components Installed and supported all customer software packages such a Lexis-Nexis, PCDocs, Microsoft Office 2000, Outlook 2000 as a mail client and facilitated all related problems with Palm Pilot, Mindspring and Compaq devices.• Supported and provided extensive for software and hardware through phone, LANDesk software and desktop support including support for laptops and remote users• Maintained and updated all documentation for all LAN, WAN, Server, Desktop, and corporate standards for the operation of the network. Provided the second level support on the server side• Performed for all software in accordance with the licensing and insure documentation is updated as needed and an accurate inventory for all hardware and software in a highly mobile environmentHelp Desk AnalystAmerican International Group - New York, NY - 2002 to 2003Created Revenue or Office of Enterprise Technology (OET) services request tickets and assigning ticket priority. Responded to customer calls and e-mail. Dispatched tickets with appropriate priorities to technical resources. Administrated the escalation feature of HEAT (Help Desk software). Communicated in writing processes/procedures/incidents/problems/resolution/etc• Maintained and upgraded LAN/WAN software and hardware, performed evaluation and analysis of new hardware and software• Resolved issues of network security administration, network administration automation, system backups, system operation and maintenance, system software upgradesEDUCATIONCornell University - Ithaca, NYSKILLS Technical Skills:SOFTWARE- Windows NT, 2000/XP/Vista, Wiindows 7, MS Server 2003, 2008, Esafe, Outlook 2003, 2007, VMware, Exchange 5.x/2003, BlackBerry Enterprise Server for Microsoft Exchange, Citrix Server 4.5, Lexis- Nexis, PCDocs, Symantec Antivirus 10,MvAfee 10, MS Office 2000/2003/2007, Adobe Acrobat 8.0, Adobe CS3 products, Symantec Ghost Corporate 8.0, IIS 4.0, Real VNC 4.0, Cisco VPN client, WordPerfect 2002, Crystal Reports 7.0 LogMEin, PCAnywhere, MS Project, Arcserve 6.6, Acronis 10, Funk Proxy 4.0 HARDWARE- IBM PC compatibles, HP Compaq, Dell Optiplex, Dell PowerVault and PowerEdge servers, IBM ThinkPad, Toshiba Tecra (8000, 8100), HP printers (4000, 4050, 4200, 4300, 4500, 2300, 3700, 5000, 8100, 4, 5, etc.), Lexmark printers (T622, T632, HP plotters, HP Vectra (VL, Vli8, VL 600), Sharp Network printers, Armada 300, 3Com hubs modems, DLT tape drives (75, 35/70, 600), Blackberries 8500, PDAs, Fast Ethernet Switches scanners, Compaq servers (1850, 3000, 6000), Cisco routers (3600 series), Cisco, switches (2900 series)CERTIFICATIONS• MCP,MCITP-Server Administrator• MCITP PRO-Enterprise Administrator • MCTS Windows 7• MCTS Server 2008 Configuration• System Administrator Solaris 8