Ehsan ShafieiSoftware Developer - ABOL Software, IncKennesaw, GA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ehsan-Shafiei/5534828b324c6b8aMy objective is to obtain a position where my experience and knowledgewill give me an opportunity for growth and challenges. I consider myself very organized, patient, self-motivated, and reliable to do different tasks.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperABOL Software, Inc - Woodstock, GA - May 2014 to PresentResponsible for troubleshooting C#.net application bugs for over 12 integrated .netapplication with debugging in VS 2008/2010/2012 based on the software version to find the source of the issue and fix the bug.• Responsible for writing enhancement code for asp.net applications to provideadditional functionality based on customer needs.• Utilized LINQ technology extensively for data retrieving, querying, storage and manipulation.• Experienced in implementation and customization of JavaScript plugins like bootstrap-wysihtml5 to replace older plugins with the latest ones.• Responsible for maintaining builds and deployment of .net applications throughBamboo software and updating production code with the latest publish in Azureenvironment and configuring IIS and app settings per customer requirements.E-commerce SpecialistVictory Sales Inc - Marietta, GA - March 2013 to May 2014Experienced in HTML and CSS with working on eBay store design and eBaytemplates.• In-depth knowledge of integration, deployment and support of Amazon, eBay, Sears and Buy.com market places through ChannelAdvisor order management.• Increase Sales by 30% with management of current inventory through analyzingpages traffic, competitor's prices and number of sales in a certain period of time.• Manage a team of 3 e-commerce employees to List Company's different merchandise through Channel Advisor.• Troubleshoots any issue of current listings and fix update errors throughChannelAdvisor.• Experience with Shipworks shipping management application.Deployment and Support EngineerKasra Software, Esfahan, Iran - February 2010 to October 2012Installed and configured Windows Server 2008, MS SQL Server 2008 and IIS Web Server on customer's main server and customized them for best software performance.• Provide technical support to customers via phone, email, remote or on-site.• Converted customer's data files which obtain from Excel, Text files or older databases to new SQL database with writing complex T-SQL queries in MS SQL Server 2008.￼• Held software training classes in both managerial and non-managerial levels for over 20 people in every class.• Experience with MS CRM as it was the main channel between development and support teams to fix customer's related tasks.EDUCATIONBachelor's in Computer ScienceUniversity of Tabari 2007 to 2010Associate's in Computer ScienceUniversity of Sepahan 2004 to 2007ADDITIONAL INFORMATION QUALIFICATIONS:• Experienced in writing enhancement code, adding new futures or new pages in the application based on available specs.• Excellent analytical skills with proficiency in debugging and problem solving.• Experience with relational databases and backend database development including writing stored procedures, functions and views for SQL server databases.• Experienced in deployment and support of .Net applications for a broad range of industries including oil and gas, steel manufacturing, cement production and health care. • Excellent time management, organizational and troubleshooting skills.• Excellent verbal, writing and presentation skills, fast-learner.TECHNICAL SKILLS:• Programming: C#.Net, Asp.net, XML.• Front End: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Ajax.• Databases: Transact-SQL, Linq, Entity Framework, Ado.Net.• Development Tools: Visual Studio 2005~2013, SQL Server 2000~2012, IIS 6~7.5, Fiddler, Jira, Bamboo, SVN, TFS, Nunit, Office 2010/2013.• Operating Systems: Installing and Configuring Windows Server 2003/2008, Windows 8/7/Vista.