Emily Li MBA Marketing InternSan Francisco, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Emily-Li/11ee711bd15b2a47WORK EXPERIENCEMBA Marketing InternGOOGLE - Singapore - 2014 to 2014Worked with Regional Product Marketing Team to manage the successful launch of Google AdWords Student CertificationProgram in Thailand as well as the 2015 scaling-up plan for the regional launch. The pilot program in Thailand is aiming to attract10K program registrations and increase AdWords certified individuals by 10 times.• Led the development of the main website and Google + community including: planning, content building, copywriting and creative designs to establish a well-design, informative and user-friendly website.• Created email marketing, social media and online advertising strategy to increase awareness of the program and drive substantial traffic up to 70K visit to the website and Google+ community within 2 weeks after launch. • Led major events planning including: agenda, creative design, speaker selection, partnership building.• Worked with cross-functional and cross-geographical teams including: legal, privacy, security, engineering, localmarketing team and external creative vendors for on-budget and timely execution of the entire program.MBA ConsultantEMC CORPORATION - Seattle, WA - 2014 to 2014Conducted competitive benchmarking and market analysis on social media strategy in Cloud and Big Data business.• Recommended actionable social media strategy to EMC and presented in annual marketing strategy meeting.Regional Market Research AnalystTAYLOR NELSEN SOFRES SINGAPORE PTE LTD - Singapore - 2010 to 2013Singapore 2010-2013A leading market research and market information group with presence over 80 countries worldwide. Regional Market Research AnalystHandled multiple $1MM+ global market research projects for leading Fortune 500 clients (e.g. P&G, Unilever, DANONE) and specialized in strategic studies including: Strategic Pricing, Branding & Segmentation, and Consumer Habit & Usage.• Managed multi-country projects from start to finish including: budgeting, timelines, specification writing and coordinating with both internal and external stakeholders to ensure the projects met client expectations.• Analyzed both the qualitative and quantitative data from different sources to identify the market opportunities, translating them into consumer insights and actionable solutions for the global clients. These recommendations wereapproved by senior management clients and incorporated in the annual global marketing plan.• Creatively converted a presentation from data-intensive into a strategic story to meet the needs of senior managementaudiences. This successful pilot study strengthened client's confidence in company, winning of an additional globalproject covering 6 major markets, worth over $2 million dollars.￼EDUCATIONMBA in Marketing AssociationNATIONAL UNIVERSITY OF SINGAPORE - Singapore July 2010Bachelor of Law in SociologyFUDAN UNIVERSITY - 上海市 July 2008Master of Business Administration in Marketing/Marketing ResearchTHE MICHAEL G. FOSTER SCHOOL OF BUSINESS, UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON - Seattle, WAADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLS AND ACTIVITIES• Google AdWords Certification• Advanced Market Research Certificates & Professional Member of United Kingdom Market Research Society