Emile MunyangabeFremont, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Emile-Munyangabe/ed7504f1aafaaa02WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperCoding house Institue - Fremont, CA - January 2015 to PresentResponsibilitiesWeb developer at Coding house full immersion bootcamp building web apps on the MEAN stack and Ruby on rails.Skills UsedThe MEAN stack(MongoDB,ExpressJS,AngularJs and Nodejs), Ruby on Rails, HTML5,CSS,Javascript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Coffeescript.Helpdesk SpecialistCare.com, Inc - Waltham, MA - September 2013 to January 2015Primary point of support for all incoming helpdesk support tickets.• Assigns/resolve /escalate helpdesk tickets and ensures workflow/resolution documentation.• New hire laptops configuration(Mac & Windows), Imaging (w/ CloneZilla),• Remote software deployment with FileWave/GFI remote management.• Daily remote sessions troubleshooting VPN connectivity for company remote employees,• Active Directory user/machine accounts creation and troubleshooting,• Ensure data privacy and compliance for users with sensitive data access by deploying endpoint encryption and Trend Micro Data Loss Prevention.• Casual assistance within the infrastructure & network systems department tasks includes:server maintenance, new firewall rules deployment, switch configuration, systems troubleshooting.Helpdesk TechnicianEastern Nazarene College - Quincy, MA - June 2013 to September 2013Handled and resolved tickets from staff, faculty and students on a daily basis,• New hire PC/Laptops setups, Imaging (w/ Ghost), Software updates and upgrades, • Deployed new Wireless AP's campus wide and Network troubleshooting,• Phone support, Printer/PC/Laptop troubleshooting & repair.• Add/remove users and devices on Active Directory,• Troubleshoot Mac OSX Active Directory issues (e.g. domain drop-offs)System Administrator (Intern)Language Scientific - Cambridge, MA - January 2012 to March 2012Provided IT support and troubleshooting for company users specifically remote users, • Worked in the deployment of new and upgraded network systems with new servers, • Assisted in the planning and implementation of the company network virtualization, • Used Citrix XenServer to implement the above for desktop and server virtualization.Desktop Lead Technician and Store managerRwanda Express Ltd - 2008 to 2009Performed all Laptop/Desktop/Printer troubleshoot and repair concerns,￼• Updated and upgraded software and OS on daily basis, Windows OS upgrades XP to Vista, • Strong virus removal technics,• Data migration and system backup.PC assembly technicianRwanda Express Ltd - 2007 to 2008Assembled a RCN brand desktop PC from parts shipped from China,• Connected Processor, Hard drive, Memories, PCI cards, Power supply and other peripherals to the Motherboard.• Performed first boot tests and OS install.EDUCATIONBsc.(Not completed) in Computer EngineeringEastern Nazarene College - Quincy, MA 2011 to 2014LINKS http://linkedin.com/in/emilemunyangabe http://twitter.com/emilemunyADDITIONAL INFORMATION SKILLS AND CERTIFICATIONS• Proficiency in HTML5, CSS3, bootstrap and JavaScript, • Proficiency in the MEAN stack, and Ruby on rails stack, • Efficient in code debugging, bug/error fixing,• Experienced in Linux administration and vim editor,• Skilled in MySQL administration• Skilled in test driven development,• Skilled in C/C++ Programming, and Visual Basic.• Strong documentation, analysis and research skills.• Strong communication and customer service experience. • Fluent in French and Kinyarwanda￼￼