Erica GnamInstructor - Driver Improvement Program - AMERICAN AUTOMOBILE ASSOCIATION (AAA)Macedon, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Erica-Gnam/366ea3571fc66dccImprove patient health, comfort, and safety by utilizing my experience and passion for customer care, public safety, and teaching. Seek opportunities for professional success and growth.WORK EXPERIENCEInstructor - Driver Improvement ProgramAMERICAN AUTOMOBILE ASSOCIATION (AAA) - Rochester, NY - May 2006 to PresentTrain/Instruct participants in New York State Department of Motor Vehicle Driver Improvement Program.• Responsible for presenting course material in a manner that creates interest and information retention among students.XEROX - executive securitySECURITAS SECURITY SERVICES USA, Inc - Rochester, NY - 2000 to 2014for Vice Presidents and Human Resource staff.• AIDS Rochester & Clothesline Art Festival - security for staff and cash transport.• Ultimate Technology - executive security for Human Resource staff.• Hansford Corp. - provide crime prevention solutions. Supervise uniformed security staff and perform administrative duties.• Cell Tech Pharmaceuticals - assist in facilitating a major corporate downsizing. Ensured security and safety of all employees and facilities.Instructor - Wellness Ready Fit CoachYMCA - Rochester, NY - 2006 to 2012Responsible for guiding members through the YMCA Ready Fit program.• Determine present health condition and objectives of members through interviews.• Instruct and Coach members to set and achieve attainable goals in a manner that maintains member motivation and creates member success.• Coach and Monitor member efforts and implement changes as needed.• Work closely with all staff to achieve overall success of many YMCA programs.ERICA GNAM 585-755-1966Health Administrator & Health AideBOCES - Rochester, NY - 2005 to 2006Evaluate, screen, and process students for school registration as pertaining to health requirements and records.• Responsible for First Aid practices and procedures, utilizing good judgment and attention to detail. Act and make decisions in emergency situations.US MARSHALROCHESTER POLICE - Rochester, NY - 1979 to 1994 Provided security for Federal Court Judges.￼• Responsible for transportation of federal prisoners.• Performed the serving of court documents to individuals.• Community patrol function in various sections of city.• Peer Stress Counselor,• Child /Adult/ Intra-Familiar Sexual Abuse Investigations, Juvenile Officer, • In-service Training Police Instructor in Juvenile Procedures,EDUCATIONGeneral HospitalRochester Institute of TechnologyAssociatesMonroe Community CollegeADDITIONAL INFORMATIONExcellent Customer serviceReceive and Interview visitorsSafety advisor personal and corporation Training and developmentNYS certified AAA InstructorCrime PreventionConflict resolutionResearch files to assemble data for reports Moderate Fluency in SpanishMicrosoft officePeer counselor