Eshwari PattapathusubramaniansundaranSan Jose, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Eshwari-Pattapathusubramaniansundaran/ aa323f34c3f147e9• About 8+ years of Software Industry experience in Java and J2EE technologies.• Excellent knowledge/experience in MVC, Spring, Hibernate, and REST, Struts, JSP2.0, EJB 3.0• In-depth knowledge and experience in Websphere, Weblogic and Apache Tomcat.• Good experience in Test Driven Development and Junit, Git• Good experience/knowledge in XML, XSD, HTML5.• Experienced in all phases of project life cycle: Analysis, Design, Implementation, and Testing.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperStealth Mode Startup - San Jose, CA - January 2015 to PresentVolunteering for a stealth-mode start-up in developing a consumer facing web application using Spring framework, Hibernate, REST, Tomcat and MySQLStaff Software EngineerIBM, Silicon Valley Labs - San Jose, CA - June 2006 to January 2012Key contributor in the Java Common Client JDBC driver development for DB2 z/OS, DB2 Linux Unix Windows, and Informix.• Design and developed java.sql.Struct, and java.sql.Boolean types and the corresponding metadata support forDB2• Simplified Customer API calls by implementing some of the standard java.sql.DatabaseMetaData APIs, and customer driven metadata APIs in the JCC driver• Enhanced the driver performance by supporting larger batch sizes for batch inserts and batch updates.• Delivered high performance and critical fixes to customers in areas of data types, binders, auto-generated keys,connection, and datasource properties.• Automated nightly builds and regressions for the driver.• Ported the online defect tracking tool into Spring framework using Hibernate and REST for performing databaseoperations.Software EngineerIBM, Silicon Valley Labs - San Jose, CA - January 2005 to May 2006Responsible for developing secured and scalable web-based enterprise applications that serve as a centralizedrepository of information from various sources like BluePages and, CMVC to the DB2 QA team for easy access. • Involved in the design and development of an enterprise application, Insomnia, to track line items for DB2 v9 Designed and developed an enterprise application to keep track of the scenarios and run records in Fix-pack 10￼￼• Delivered a web-based online enterprise application to track the status of stress test workloads for DB2 v8 and v9using MVC architecture and design patterns.◦ Some of the notable features of this tool are* Notifying the team via email when the defect is opened and on each status change.* Ability to query defect list based on various criteria to analyze the defect patterns.• Configured the BlueGroups authentication with the IHS 6.0 for enterprise applications.• Configured an open source collaboration board, Twiki in Apache Server for product and functional verification team to record and share team-related activities.• Analyzed and studied the functionality of Alphablox software to generate reports.• Wrote unit test cases to test the JDBC driver on java.sql.Arrays type and java.sql.ParameterMetaData APIs.Software EngineerSSI Technologies - Chennai, Tamil Nadu - August 2000 to January 2002The Electronics Security Architecture (TESA) - NASDAQ, Japan◦ Designed, developed and tested the database, access control module and index publishing module in a stock trading system.◦ Installed, configured, tested and supported application on-site at NASDAQ, Japan.◦ Debugged the profiles module of the trading system• Supermontage - NASDAQ, Trumbull, US◦ Developed and tested the user interface onsite at NASDAQ, Trumbull for displaying the market information for the securities.◦ Analyzed and debugged the ticket display, order and quote placement module on-site at NASDAQ, Trumbull.Software EngineerArkin Systems Pvt. Ltd - Chennai, Tamil Nadu - September 1999 to July 2000Electronic Point of Sale (EPOS) - TRC, Ireland◦ Designed, developed and tested the database and the purchase module.• Acuitas - OCUCO, Ireland◦ Developed and tested the patients recall module and patient's history reports generation module for Ophthalmologists on-site at OCUCO, Ireland.Work Status: No visa sponsorships required. Green-card Holder.EDUCATIONMaster of Science in Software EngineeringSan Jose State University - San Jose, CA December 2005Bachelor of Engineering in Computer ScienceMadurai Kamaraj University - Madurai, Tamil Nadu May 1999ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLS Languages Java, JDBC, XML, XSD, XSLT, Perl, HTML5 Platforms Linux, WindowsDatabases DB2, Oracle, MySQLMiddleware REST, SOAP APIJ2EE Technologies Spring, Hibernate, Struts, JSP 2.0, EJB3.0, WebSphere, Weblogic, Tomcat, MVCTest Tools TDD, JUnitIDE Eclipse, JBuilder, XMLSpy, Delphi 5.0, ClearCase, CMVCPlug-ins MyEclipse, JfaceDbc