Eugene Rotenberg, MBA, GWCPM Project Manager - MetLife - yrotenberg1988@gmail.com - [...]Denver, CO - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/028a64eea4b16f4fMBA graduate with a Master’s Certification in Project Management and experience in business development. Proven track record in meeting high expectations and developing strong professional relationships with key stakeholders. Adept at identifying business needs, providing clear direction to team members, analyzing relevant data, developing solutions, and implementing fixes for better efficiency and profit maximization. Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEProject ManagerMETROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY - Denver, CO - 2014 to Present- Direct staff members from multiple departments through planning, organizing, and implementation of complex Annuity application projects.- Manage and oversee projects via the Systems Development Lifecycle.- Coordinate with outside vendors and other third parties on project implementation.- Provide budgetary and timeline estimates for new projects to assist with forecasting efforts. - Control project issue resolution and risk management.Senior Business Systems AnalystMETROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY - Denver, CO - 2011 to 2014- Lead Analyst on a new product launch valued at $15 million aimed at increasing profit within the Annuity Division and mitigating business risk.- Guided numerous projects within the Annuities Division to improve product efficiencies and offerings.- Collected and analyzed data on client needs while serving as the primary liaison between the Development Team and annuity business users.- Led the development of functional requirements, design documentation, and test materials for the improvement of annuity projects.Bank TellerWELLS FARGO - Denver, CO - 2008 to 2011- Aided customers with their banking requests including deposits, withdrawals, and other transactions.- Identified business opportunities for potential and existing customers in order to recommend the best banking product to fit their needs.Sales AssociateSEARS HOLDING CORPORATION - Denver, CO - 2007 to 2007- Advised customers on their purchases in numerous departments.- Received recognition for leading sales in both the Lawn and Garden and the Appliances Departments.EDUCATIONMaster of Business Administration in FinanceUniversity of Denver 2011￼Bachelor of Science in Business AdministrationUniversity of Denver 2010Master's Certificate in Project ManagementGeorge Washington University - Washington, DCSKILLSMicrosoft Office • SQL • SharePoint • Fluent in Russian and SpanishPUBLICATIONSAuthor, Business Fundamentals, Global Text Project, 2009ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AREAS OF EXPERTISE:- Team Leadership- Project Life Cycle- Evaluation & Remedying- Project Management- Budgeting & Forecasting- Client Relations- Strategic/Development Planning - Inter-Department Coordination- Sales & Customer Service