Evita BarbourGraphic Web Artist & UX UI Developer - EVITA'S ARTISTIC DESIGNSilver Spring, MD - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Evita-Barbour/338039005aaaa87aI am especially interested in this position because my experience as a Web Programmer/Manager/Designer in the multimedia field has prepared me for a disciplined, secure work environment and the challenges associated with designing/creating websites, advertisements, mass mailings, brochures, invitations, graphics, logos and corporate packages. I enjoy helping clients find solutions for their website(s)and graphic needs. I've also created 508 QA lists for final hand-offs for stakeholders & auditors.My day to day tasks involved overseeing sites, edits, and content management. Creating UX/UI, editing CSS and updating Jquery for several API's being used in applications and software being accessed by the government. I have 12 years experience with photoshop and illustrator. I also have 8 years experience using dreamweaver, fireworks, indesign, flash with programing actionscript. I'm also tasked with editing Drupal, Word Press and Sharepoint sites.I have experience with all the below listed skillsPhotoshop Quark ImageReady Premiere Encore After Effects Cold Fusion Captivate Fireworks HTML 5 XML DHTML JAVASCRIPT AJAX JSP ASP CSS PHP/ MY SQL Linux Section 508 QA Indesign Illustrator Flash Actionscript 1.0-3.0 Dreamweaver Powerpoint Excel Word Access Visio Visual Studio Sharepoint Moss Front Page Drupal WordPress Blooger 9 different CMS FTP Plesk YUI RSS Jquery Mooscript Script.aculo.us C# & C++ Web 2.0 Teamsite Facebook & Twitter Management Photo Archiving Responsive Design Mobile DesignMy job is my craft, I love art and learning about art in all types of mediums. My ideas on how to improve sites may be of particular interest to you.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperSeamon Corporation - Greenbelt, MD - June 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesCreated interactive mocks with coded demos, sketches, wireframes and style guides.Performed 508 validation (W3C), with Dragon and site testing for different nih.gov microsites and intranet sites. Created system application icons, banners, content which includes designing custom graphics,Accomplishments508 checking forms, Agile forms for User Stories, test case user roles and documentation for requirements. Worked closely with project managers to identify fast creative solutionsOptimize pages for cross-browser and cross-platform compatibilityCorrect any issues and troubleshoot for potential bugs.Skills UsedDesigned and developed custom gui’s, ux, ui, and using Visual Studio 2013, Dreamweaver, HTML, XML,CSS, JAVASCRIPT, .ASP, Bootstrap, GitHub, Sharepoint, Drupal 7.3, Open UI, and JQUERY.Freelance Graphic Web Artist & Developer￼EVITA'S ARTISTIC DESIGN - Silver Spring, MD - September 2011 to PresentDesign and develop custom websites using Photoshop and a variety of markup and scripting languages including hand coded XHTML, HTML5, CSS and PHP.● Create interactive website features using JavaScript and jQuery / jQuery UI.● Create dynamic websites driven by content management systems such as Drupal, Sharepoint, WordPress and CMS Made Simple.● Integrate into new and existing websites Web APIs including Twitter, YouTube, Google Charts and Google Maps.● Integrate into new and existing websites social media buttons, advanced widgets, plugins, APIs and various applications.● Incorporate Rich Snippets (Schema Microdata and Microformats) into existing web pages.● Perform web page code validation (W3C), code debugging, cross browser and site testing.Create site content which includes designing custom graphics, creating email forms and writing web page content.Web DeveloperThe Global Environment Facility for the World Bank - Washington, DCResponsibilities• Designed and developed custom GUI’s, UX/UI, and using Dreamweaver, HTML5, XML, CSS3, PHP and JavaScript.• Designed and developed in J2EE, JSON, .ASP, and JQUERY for Drupal 7 upgrade from Drupal 6.• Created interactive mocks with coded demos, sketches, wireframes and style guides.• Performed 508 validation (W3C).• Created system application icons, banners, content which includes designing custom graphics.• Implemented a variety of legacy codes, modules, nodes and content types.• Worked closely with staff to identify fast creative solutions for website and web applications• Optimized pages for cross-browser and cross-platform compatibility.• Correct any issues and troubleshoot for potential bugs.• Created system application icons for 508 checking forms, Agile forms for User Stories, test case user roles and documentation for requirements.Web DeveloperThe National Labor Relations Board - Washington, DC - November 2013 to May 2014Designed and developed custom gui's, ux, ui, and using Visual Studio 2013, Dreamweaver, HTML, XML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, J2EE, JSON, .ASP, Sharepoint, Siebel, Open UI, and JQUERY.● Created interactive mocks with coded demos, sketches, wireframes and style guides.● Performed 508 validation (W3C), with Dragon and site testing for nlrb.gov and intranet sites.● Created system application icons, banners, content which includes designing custom graphics, 508 checking forms, Agile forms for User Stories and test case user roles.● Implemented a variety of CMS platforms, from open-source to enterprise and Solr.● Worked closely with engineers and developers to identify fast creative solutions● Optimize pages for cross-browser and cross-platform compatibility ● Correct any issues and troubleshoot for potential bugs.GUI UX/UI Designer w/ 508 complianceU.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics - Washington, DC - March 2013 to September 2013Designed and developed custom gui's, ux, ui, and using Photoshop Fireworks, Dreamweaver, HTML, XML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, J2EE, JSON, .ASP, Sharepoint and JQUERY.● Created interactive mock with features using PowerPoint, Fireworks and Flex.● Performed 508 validation (W3C), with 508 testing tools JAWS and Dragon and site testing.● Created system application icons, banners, content which includes designing custom graphics, 508 checking forms, Agile forms for User Stories and test case user roles.Graphic Designer/ Web DeveloperROSETTA STONE - September 2012 to February 2013Designed and developed custom webpages using Photoshop and a variety of markup and scripting languages including hand coded HTML, HTML5, CSS and jQuery / jQuery UI / Angular.js, SASS, Bootstrap / GIThub.• Converted webpages into mobile webpages for holiday marketing campaign.• Replicated USA Rosetta Stone Website into German Rosetta Stone Website.• Edited files for coding consistency. Integrated new and existing websites social media buttons, advanced widgets, plugins, APIs and various applications.• Performed web page code validation (W3C), code debugging, cross browser and site testing.• Created site content which includes designing custom graphics, creating banners icons and writing/editing web/mobile page content.Graphic Designer/Web DeveloperSAMHSA Substance Abuse & Mental Health Services Administration - Rockville, MD - February 2011 to August 2011Provided graphic designs, created and manipulated graphic images, web layouts, user interfaces, widgets, web applications and provided web development and support for SAMHSA sites.● Established, maintained, and ensured compliance with content management guidelines, web site configuration standards and web accessibility.● Starts and finishes conversion of documents to web compatible format, and provides and develops mechanisms for site deliverables. Help● Assists in development of web content clearance process including Section 508 compliance and remediation plan and style guide.● Worked with clients from throughout SAMHSA on Drupal best practices, covering site architecture, module and theme development, administration, performance, security, and content management.● Created web interfaces services using AJAX, XSLT, CSS, HTML, html 5.0, XML, JavaScript, jquery, j2ee, PERL, Sharepoint, c++, c#, Percussion, Visual Studio, Flash, Illustrator, and Photoshop. Created site, form, mobile application and module application mock-ups and sitemaps for future project briefs.Flash ProgrammerAAAE American Association of Airport Executives - Alexandria, VA - August 2010 to December 2010Created web & user interfaces to XML services using AJAX, XSLT, CSS, HTML, html 5.0, XML, JavaScript, j2ee, PERL, Flash and Photoshop. IET is a runtime platform for coordinating concurrent threads that are orchestrated into robotics applications that are accessible using http. The result of my work was a liquid and user interface bound to the robotic service and underlying runtime architecture.● Converted .psd, pdf, drawings, verbal ideas, storyboards, wireframes, and recycled project modules into new modules.● Used actionscript 1.0-3.0 to create functions & triggers for audio & video queues for ultimate space, time & visual standards. Tested courses on different platforms● Recorded and fixed Q & A for course improvements before final deliverables● Created templates for airport Authorized Signatory Standards for different training platforms. Built TLPA course standards for future rules & regulations for Taxi & Limo Drivers of America.● Made marketing modules for sales & improvement webinars.Technical Web AssistantAASHTO American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials - Washington, DC - May 2010 to August 2010Published general web site content to http://www.transportation.org & the 91 other sites that are link into AASHTO, incorporating new technologies into the website, updating all sites, providing interactive capabilities such as web forms, audio and video updates, and creating web interfaces and site support. My html, html 5.0 xml, jquery, dhtml, asp, php, .net, actionscript, css and javascript programming skills are put to work on a daily basis. The task of comparing and contrasting site statistics, to reach the goal of reaching our users and buyers in complete fashion and form. Building & editing html, css, xml, JavaScript, c#, c++, asp, asp.net● Collaborating with remote content providers around the world. Designing custom web graphics and flash animations.● Worked with 4 vendors to complete migration to Moss systemUI architect/development 508 compliance specialistSupremesoft - McLean, VA - March 2010 to May 2010Provided the research and understanding to help create user-friendly products and services.● Combining proven methodologies with the insight that comes from my years of experience & the team's collective power. Integrated quickly with stakeholders, design & development process to help design sites/ consoles that work best for the end users.● Testing and user data analysis to identify new features to enhance site, before launch. Managed a team of 3 collaborated with a team of 12.● Organization, navigation, and workflow models are designed for those users and tested in rapid, inexpensive iterations using mockups via drawing, Photoshop, Visio, Dreamweaver, SharePoint, classic .asp/asp.net. Building & editing html, html 5.0 css, xml, JavaScript, asp, asp.net, yui. All while documenting all changes for hand-offs & meetings.Web DeveloperRTCRM, Georgetown, DC - June 2009 to March 2010Responsibilities included project management, planning, testing, development and maintenance of multiple corporate Intranet; Collaborating with remote content providers around the world.● Designing and developed custom web graphics and flash animations.● Creation of Q&A specifications & 508 rules for website final hand-offs. Worked with Aflac, AARP & Veterans Affairs va.gov/health● Designed web sites, maintaining web sites, creating custom web graphics and layouts, creating flash intros, web programming (html/html5.0/xml/css/cgi/php/perl/JavaScript/SharePoint. net , asp.net), yui, script installations, logo design, animated banners, copywriting and content creation, write, edit and proofread a variety of documents, plan and prepare articles for online dissemination, web usability, accessibility, testing and debugging, website promotion & marketing, client relations and customer service.● Helped to architect and develop a learning management platform built on Drupal and tightly integrated into an open source suite of applications. Installed PHP & SQL to create Platform. Installed modules, tested updates and updated CORE.Website Developer/ManagerBe As You Are - July 2008 to February 2009Created e-commerce web interfaces using AJAX, XSLT, CSS, HTML, JavaScript, Flash and Photoshop.● Converted .psd, pdf, drawings, verbal ideas, storyboards, wireframes, and recycled project modules into new modules. Created and implemented SEO & keyword search for best item search results.● Prepared the assembly of final layouts for printing and provided graphic design and art direction for a variety of products including, ordinances, plans, reports, brochures, application forms, exhibit displays, maps, presentations, and slide shows.● Made schedules for marketing items fluidly to retail & wholesale sites. Content Manager-Interactive Web Project ManagerCYGNUS Interactive Business Media - Beltsville, MD - February 2005 to July 2008Managed & updated http://www.emsresponder.com http://www.firehouse.com http://www.officer.com.● Updated the sites in different cms' with news, job listings, pod-casts/blogs/web-casts, link management, events calendar management, photo stories, slide shows, video, audio, banners, and intergraded magazine content. Monthly uploads of magazines for online viewers for our many publications.● Worked very close with the news team to update the sites with pertinent information that our viewers would like. I also managed a team of 14, with 6 developers located in Europe and Asia. My other duties included updating and hosting 127 different web sites for other clients. Some of my everyday tasks are listed below are listed below.● Web sites: Responsible for publishing general web site content, incorporating new technologies into the web site, updating web sites per customer request, providing interactive capabilities such as web forms, audio and video updates, online bulletin board, and creating web interfaces, changing ui /yui, and site support. Made sure websites were visable on phones and small screens.● Used software for updates but I can also code without program help on a whim. Editing html, css, javascript, j2ee, coldfusion, flash 1-2.0, php/sql, sharepoint, .net. asp.net, c#, c++ in editors and .txt framework. On local and external servers. Managed a team of 3 collaborated with a team of 24.● Took on the task of comparing and contrasting site statistics, to reach the goal of reaching our users and clients in complete fashion and form.● I was also instrumental in building, testing, and launching http://www.advancedimagingpro.com/ http://www.amtonline.com/ http://www.imaginginfo.com/ http://www.locksmithledger.com/ http:// www.securityinfowatch.com/ http://www.masstransitmag.com/ http://www.wide-formatimaging.com/ http:// www.yardngarden.com/.● Editing http://www.cfsi.org/ before a web team came to be, giving technical support to members for site & email questions/problemsLead Multimedia Web & Graphic DesignerMotive Designs - Washington, DC - August 2001 to December 2004Managed a 12 person team while making corporate packages, logs, flyers, mailings, websites, web advertisements, video, audio, brochures, newsletters, and unique projects● Created and maintained sites for clients● Recommend online sales programs and create plans for short and long-term online sales strategies. On a day to day Used the full range of adobe, macromedia, and windows catalog of programs together to invent new ways to get the clients message across.EDUCATIONAssociate in Fine ArtsThe Art Institute of Washington June 2004SKILLSPhotoshop Quark ImageReady Premiere Encore After Effects Cold Fusion Captivate Fireworks HTML 5 XML DHTML JAVASCRIPT AJAX JSP ASP CSS PHP/ MY SQL Linux Section 508 QA Indesign Illustrator Flash Actionscript 1.0-3.0 Dreamweaver Powerpoint Excel Word Access Visio Visual Studio Sharepoint Moss FrontPage Drupal WordPress Blooger 9 different CMS FTP Plesk YUI RSS Jquery Mooscript Script.aculo.us C# & C++ Web 2.0 Teamsite Facebook & Twitter Management Photo Archiving Responsive Design Mobile DesignLINKS http://www.evitasartisticdesigns.comADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLSCS5.5 Photoshop Quark ImageReady Premiere Encore After Effects Cold Fusion Captivate Fireworks HTML XML DHTML JAVASCRIPT AJAX JSP ASP CSS PHP/SQL Linux Indesign Illustrator Flash Actionscript 1.0-3.0 Dreamweaver Powerpoint Excel Word Access Visio Visual Studio Drupal WordPress Blooger FTP Plesk YUI RSS Jquery Mooscript Joomla Script.aculo.us C# & C++ Social Networking Branding html 5 Web 2.0 Photo Archiving SCRUM AGILESITES I FREQUENT & READING LISTwebdesignermag.co.uk digitalartistdaily.com core77.com mashable.com smashingmagazine.com dzone.com popurls.com webresourcesdepot.com speckyboy.com net.tutsplus.com html5awesome.com java- success.blogspot.com jquery.com jqueryui.com designmodo.com designobserver.com wefunction.com csswizardry.com css-tricks.com sixrevisions.com webdesignerdepot.com webdesigneraid.com naldzgraphics.net techcrunch.com abookapart.com news.ycombinator.com radar.oreilly.com reddit.com delicious.com w3schools.comJohnathan Snook Tim O'Reilly Christopher Schmitt Dr. Jakob Nielsen Andy Clark Maximiliano Firtman Eric Myer Douglas Crockford Billy Hoffman Dan Cederholm Nicole Sullivan-Haas Gene Kim Ethan Marcotte Jeffery Zeldman Vik Chaudhary Jeremy Keith￼