Faheem Khan Software Developer - A Point GroupFairfax, VA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Faheem-Khan/ab6d5931cbd14e94Seeking a challenging position as a Java Developer / NET C# Developer based on strong analytical background.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperA Point Group - July 2013 to PresentResponsibilities:• Analyzed business requirements and system specifications.• Participate in project planning sessions with business analysts and team members to analyze business IT Requirements and translate business requirements into working mode• Developed Master and content pages in ASP.Net and classic ASP.net• Wrote the front end web pages using ASP.NET, C#, VB.net.• Developed the web pages using HTML, and CSS for styling the Web pages.• Maintain DOD army Application.• Enhancing new functionality.• Using Oracle as a back hand database.• Writing SQL complex queries.Software DeveloperPraemittias Group, Inc - July 2011 to June 2013Responsibilities:• Analyzed business requirements and system specifications.• Participate in project planning sessions with business analysts and team members to analyze business IT Requirements and translate business requirements into working model.• Involve in Initial designing and creating Use case diagrams, Sequence Diagrams and class diagrams using the MS Visio Tool• Implemented Java work environment downloading required tolls.• Design and develop software codes within established specifications using object oriented applications, core Java languages.• Implemented Desktop and Embedded Application using core Java.• Implemented Window Form application using core Java.• Debugging the application using Eclipse.• Develop User Interface (GUI) Embedded Control System using core Java.• Unit testing, Code Coverage, Code Analysis.• Participating Software version Control using Subversion SVN.• Participate Software Status meetings, Project Status meetings and interacted with Project Managers, Operations Teams and Engineers.Math Instructor Part TimeWestwood College - May 2010 to January 2012Responsibilities:• Preparing the math lesson plans, delivering lectures, and engaging the students in discussion process.￼• Providing them the course material so they can study by themselves.• Applying the different teaching methods of Math subject so that teaching process won't be monotonous for the students.• Evaluate and grade students' class work, assignment, and papersWizard Training Inc - February 2011 to May 2011 Java Hands ON Training.• Analyzed business requirements and system specifications.• Worked on different small Application and Web Servers like Web Logic, Apache Tomcat and J-Boss.• Worked in different IDEs Eclipse, Net Beans.• Worked small Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD) techniques using UML in MS Visio.• Learned various methodologies like Waterfall and Agile• Learned using MVC (Model View Controller) architecture for developing applications using JSP, Java Beans and Servlets.• Developed user interfaces using JSP, HTML and CSS.• Creating GUI Screen using Java.• Develop small project based web application using Java, JSP and Servlets.• Involved in developing applications using Java and J2EE.• Develop application using Core Java threading.• Performed code review and unit tested the application.• Maintained, developed and fixed bugs for applications.• Proficient with multiple packages of the Core Java API, including Swing.• In-depth knowledge of front end application programming using Java Swing.Substitute TeacherFairfax County Public School - October 2008 to December 2010Responsibilities:• Delivering lecture to High schools, middle schools, on topic such as Algebra I, Pre-Calculus, Pre-Algebra, Geometry.• Working with special Ad Students.• Leading elementary students class• Maintaining student's attendance and other requires record.Accountant/Commission AnalystIKON Realty, Inc - July 2005 to February 2008Responsibilities:• Performed Account Payable function for company expenses• Managed vendor account and generating vendor checks.• Managed financial department with responsibility for Account Payable and Receivable. • Created Monthly Profit and Loss report.• Issuing Commission checks for agents.• Prepared Company Annual 1099 Vendor report.• Enter Deposit Entries into QuickBooks Accounting SoftwareEDUCATIONMaster of Science in PhysicsGMU university - Arlington, VAADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnical Skills:Languages: Java, C# .NET,Web-Technologies: ASP.NET, WebForms, ASP, ASP.NET MVC 3,HTML, DHTML, UML, IIS, XML, Servlets, JSP, J2EE, PHP and CSS.Operating Systems: Windows XP, Window Visa, Window 7, Linux.Application: MS Office.Web Server: IIS, Web Logic, Web Sphere.RDBMS:: Access, Oracle, SQL Server, and MySQL.Tools/Technologies: Eclipse, Visual Studio 2010, SVN. MS Visio.Skills:• Design and develop software codes within established specifications using object oriented applications, languages and third party tools.• Experienced in developing Systems to support US Army.• Experienced in debugging the application.• Experienced in Object Oriented Analysis and Design using UML Methodology.• Experienced in SW development models like Extreme Programming, Agile, and Scrum.• Designed, architected, programmed Window Forms, and reusable Libraries.• API development experience Java.• Experienced developing Desktop and Embedded Application in Core Java• Understanding of HTTP, TCP/IP and Network programming using Core Java.• Experienced with SQL Server 2005, MySQL, MS-Access databases.• Extensive Knowledge in Eclipse, Visual Studio and Versioning tools like SVN.• Experienced in Manual and Automation testing.• Develop User Interface (GUI) Embedded Control System using Java.• Strong object oriented analysis, design skills and data structures.• IDE / Development Web logic, Eclipse, Net Beans, Visual Studio.• Java Servlets, HTML, XML, XHTML, JavaScript, JSP, spring.• Developed automated Test Scripts using Quick Test Professional and automated various Business Flows for various activities.• Excellent communication skills ability to work as part of a team and on own.• Versatile team player with excellent interpersonal and technical documentation skills and handling multiple projects simultaneously.• Solid understanding of software development Life Cycle and various and various Testing methods.• Designed and developed the middleware services that meet the business by utilizing java• Possess excellent analytical and logical skills