Femi Osamiluyi (MBA, MSc) Senior Database Administrator - Maxim Healthcare ServicesLaurel, MD - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/bd00f97402656a84Core competencies include:• Performance and Productivity Improvement • Process Reengineering • Project Management • Database Administration • Process Automation • .NET ProgrammerCertifications and Training:• ITIL Foundation Certified• Microsoft Certified Professional - Querying Microsoft SQL Server 2012 • Managing Inclusion and Leveraging Multicultural Differences• Verizon Lean Six Sigma (VLSS) BasicsWORK EXPERIENCESenior Database AdministratorMaxim Healthcare Services - Columbia, MD - November 2012 to Present• Proactive leadership skills with proven management experience over teams of Database Administrators.• Provides multi-faceted knowledge and expertise including management of corporate data, providing backup and recovery strategies, collaborating with development teams, performing maintenance and code optimization, as well as importing and exporting data.• Conceived, established and standardized database change control process between the developers, reports writers (SSRS) and the database administrators.• Created a supportive team environment that was defined by collaboration and knowledge sharing• Involved in database and query tuning.• Researches data issues and proposes/implements preventive actions.• Converted all SQL native backup to Commvault backup.• Assists application developers with their database environments.• Participates in business process reengineering meetings with various stakeholders.• Participates in the database consolidation initiative to migrate all physical/cluster servers to VMs.• Assists in implementation and management of database security.• Reviews stored procedures and table to ensure optimal performance.• Analyzes findings to design, develop and test data extraction, transformation, and loading processes.• Managing production, staging, testing and development environments with about 200 servers and 400 databases.• Creates stored procedures for recurring tasks.• Proactively researches and resolves system issues.• Perform management tasks assigned by the Director of Information Services.Database EngineerGlobal Commerce & Information - Baltimore, MD - June 2013 to September 2013Part-Time project - Social Security Administration)• Lead the tuning of the CMDB database in production and non-production environment to perform optimally. • Made software and hardware recommendations to improve the system performance.Lead Systems Consultant (.NET/SQL Programmer)￼Verizon Communications - Silver Spring, MD - May 2006 to November 2012Lead .NET Programmer and SQL Server Database Programmer for the internal Custom Business Services Customer Network Engineering (CBSCNE) application used by multiple teams (Sales, Network, Pricing and others) for pre-sales and post-sales activities• Collaborated across functions on numerous client and business partner meetings, got a big picture of user requirements, identified gaps in requirements and ensured proper software was deployed.• Involved in the recruitment and training of new team members.• Led the development and design of the budget module CBSCNE, with over 3,000 users, improving the metrics gathering (report generation) of the capital and expense budgeting process performed by the network team. • Participated in the recruiting, training, and mentoring of new team members.• Led the enhancement and rewrite of some modules of the EWIS application which improved flow-through by ~ 80%. This involved database redesign and the tuning/rewrite of existing .NET code.• Participated in .NET code and T-SQL scripts review sessions to ensure that code met business client requirements, adhered to coding standards and were efficient and well-tuned.• Strong experience in .NET and java script coding.• Strong experience in Database Administration of SQL Server (2005 and 2008)• Administered SQL Server database instances in a cluster, monitored server performance, tuned database, performed backup and recovery operations ensuring platform was running 24/7.• Attained 99% availability of the CBSCNE Development (Dev), System Integration Test (SIT) and User Acceptance Test (UAT) and Production (Prod) SQL Server databases by implementing disaster recovery and fault tolerant plans (Replication, Mirroring and Cluster).• Experience in troubleshooting and resolving SQL Server database integrity issues, performance issues, blocking and deadlocking issues, log shipping issues, connectivity issues and security issues.• Developed and designed complex T-SQL code (stored procedures, functions, tables, views, trigger, indexes, constraints, CLR, UDF).• Collaborated with the application development, architecture and operation teams to help achieve a state-of- the art SQL Server database environment that meets current and future business objectives.• Developed a methodology for the ongoing assessment of SQL Server database performance and identification of problem areas.• Regularly deployed well-tuned T-SQL code to the Dev, SIT, UAT and Prod SQL Server database.• Setup SQL Server jobs and made sure that there was proper data encryption during the ETL process adhering to the Verizon's security policy.• Generates report and application metrics to measure performance and determine area of improvement.• Developed SSIS and SSRS packages based on defined requirement.• Migrated the CBSCNE Prod, SIT, UAT, and Dev SQL Server database to a different data center as a result of a Verizon spinoff of some states to other companies.Software Systems ArchitectVerizon Communications - Silver Spring, MD - April 2004 to May 2006Database Administrator of the Enterprise Workflow Integration Server (EWIS) application (SQL Server 2005). • Automated the task for the setting up of EWIS application (work flow) for other internal applications. The automated task included database creation, script deployment, replication setup and .NET development.• Designed and implemented SQL Server database changes.• Reviewed and tuned T-SQL queries, stored procedures, views and triggers• Rotated between three visible Verizon applications (Cllinet, vRepair and EWIS) to learn about the Verizon business and the latest technological products.• Selected for the Verizon Software/Systems Architect Development Program (SSADP) that provides innovative, technically sophisticated MS and PhD graduates with an opportunity to work for Verizon.• Member of the Software System Architect Development Program (SSADP) website committee tasked with maintaining the program's website.Graduate AssistantCentral Michigan University - Mount Pleasant, MI - May 2002 to December 2003Developed the conversion scripts(T-SQL) for the migration of the database from the Authorizers Oversight Information System (AOIS) Version 8a to Version 9.0.• Assisted the Database Administrator in the day-to-day management of the SQL Server 2000 database.• Developed an application for Standard & Poor's reporting using Excel macros and Visual Basic for applications.• Developed database triggers for enhancement 8a of the AOIS that generated specific tasks for the Database Administrator.• Improved on the development of a database application for analyzing the Michigan Education Assessment Program (MEAP) data of Central Michigan University's authorized charter school using Microsoft Access.• Created ad-hoc reports using Crystal Reports 8.5/9.0.Executive AssistantInformation Technology Department, Intercontinental Bank - Lagos - September 1999 to June 2001Administered the AS400 mainframe: user profile set-up, back-up, report distribution etc.• Managed the banking package (EQUATION developed by Midas Kapiti) which resides on AS400• Developed programs using Visual Basic and Oracle tools• Documented all of the programs developed in-house• Troubleshooting and management of the networked computers• Worked extensively with the DB2 database on the AS400• Administered and maintained the corporate network running Microsoft NT Server 4.0 as part of a teamConsultant ProgrammerInformation Technology Department, United Bank for Africa Plc - September 1998 to August 1999Used Oracle development tools such as Designer 2000, PLSQL, SQLPLUS, and Reports 2.5 to develop and maintain client server applications• Developed Treasury Operation Software as part of a team• Developed the General Ledger Reporting System as part of a teamEDUCATIONMaster of Business AdministrationR. H. Smith School of Business, University of MarylandMaster of Science in Computer ScienceCentral Michigan UniversityBachelor of Technology in Computer ScienceFederal University of TechnologyADDITIONAL INFORMATIONResults-oriented Database Administrator/.NET Programmer with extensive experience in a health services company and a large telecommunications company. Team leader committed to outstanding customer service and delivering quality products within budget while still meeting the Service Level Agreement (SLA).Core competencies include:• Performance and Productivity Improvement • Process Reengineering • Project Management • Database Administration • Process Automation • .NET Programmer