Francesco BenacciSan Antonio, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Francesco-Benacci/74f684118f62c227WORK EXPERIENCESoftware developerCapgemini - La Spezia, Liguria - January 2009 to PresentResponsibilitiesI worked mainly as software developer and tester for a client in the Defense area. Technologies involved were C++, VB6 and python. I developed an independent interest for Android development.AccomplishmentsThe client was very satisfied, all the activities were successful and I was involved in their software design process. Recently I helped introducing python in their workflow.Skills UsedSoftware development in C++, Visual Basic 6, python. A small activity also involved Android development, which I had learned independently.Software developer, TesterMicrosigma srl - Arcola, Liguria - September 2004 to December 2008ResponsibilitiesI worked as software developer and hardware tester for various products internally built by the company. I was also QA manager in my last year there.AccomplishmentsI was part of a small team of junior software developers which contributed to make the company able to start more software based projects: before, hardware was their main business.I actively contributed in their QA ISO certification.Skills UsedSoftware development in C#, C++.EDUCATIONItalian University Degree in Telecommunications EngineeringUniversity degli Studi di Pisa - Pisa, Toscana 1996 to 2004SKILLSSoftware developerLINKS https://github.com/fraben￼￼https://www.linkedin.com/profile/view?id=292763792CERTIFICATIONSCoursera - Programming mobile applications for Android handheld systemsMarch 2014 to PresentThe course was an introduction to Android development. It touched on the main building blocks of the Android OS, requiring weekly assignments to be submitted.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONI am moving to San Antonio in March 2015, since i have just obtained a IR1 visa (my wife is an americam citizen).I am flexible and dedicated: being professional in my job is a must for me.Software development wasn't the main focus of my University career, but I became passionate about it after joining the workforce. I am very interested about it and I'm not afraid of learning new technologies, also during my spare time.￼