Frencesco MiccicheNETWORK ADMINISTRATOR - NETWORK ARCHITECHPueblo, CO - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Frencesco-Micciche/185e400b703f24eeAn enthusiastic Network Administrator, in an organization that welcomes creative and resourceful thinking for network architect and performance.WORK EXPERIENCENETWORK ADMINISTRATORNETWORK ENTERPRISE CENTER - Fort Carson, CO - May 2012 to PresentSummeryAs a Network Administrator for DoD I am responsible for maintaining and troubleshooting network issues. Developing and implementing Network Architectural plans and designs. Implementing due process and procedures to enhance user network experience.Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:• Telecommunications Specialist• Paired cable splicing, installing telecommunications equipment, multiplexors, cable trays, telephone cabling, crimping CAT 6 and CAT 7 cabling, T1 testing, circuits, fiber splicing, fiber testing, and cable underground locating.• Cisco Certified Network Administrator• Currently a Network Administrator for the Non-Classified Internet Protocol Router (NIPR) network, and Secret Internet Protocol Router (SIPR) Network. Currently possess a Secret Clearance.•Responsible for the management, analysis, planning, architecture and testing Cisco routers and switches. I have experience with Cisco WiSM2, 6500, 4500 (L2-L3), 3700 series switches. 3900, 2900, Routers.• Duties include conducting analysis of network workload, monitoring network performance and resolving network problems using a variety of information technology systems employed on Fort Carson's network infrastructure. These include performance monitoring using InMon Traffic Sentinel, Castle Rock Computing SNMPc, and CA Spectrum network management systems.• Proficient with the rigorous application of information security/information assurance policies, principles, data network security protocols and technologies using Cisco ACS (Access Control Server) for implementation, configuration, monitoring, enforcement, and troubleshooting of the Fort Carson Network Access Control (NAC) policies using the IEEE 802.1x protocol and MAC Authentication Bypass (MAB) protocol.• Maintained the Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) scopes for both NIPR, SIPR and VoIP networks • Assisted in establishing Active Army Western Regional WAN• Handled workflow under the foundation of Layer 2 and Layer 3 of the OSI model.• Familiarized with network configurations using TCP/IP, RSTP, OSPF, EIGRP, and BGP protocols.• Identified appropriate media, cables, ports, and connectors for both Foundry Brocade and Cisco network devices.• Configured both Foundry Brocade and Cisco IOS's to meet DoD STIG (policies) specifications, and accomplished this by building a compliant running configuration.• Install, upgrade, replace, configure, test and maintain NIPR and SIPR (classified) Network System including Voice and Video (VTC) that access military and commercial networks utilizing General Routing Encapsulation (GRE) and Open Shortest Path First (OSPF), Multi-Protocol Label Switching (MPLS) and Virtual Private LAN Switching (VPLS)• Configure Network equipment's including but not limited to Cisco and Brocade(Foundry) Layer 2(Switches)and Layer 3(routers), Security equipment's, Juniper Firewalls, Cisco ASAs, HAIPE Type I￼cryptographic equipment's TACLANES KG-175A, KG-175D, KG250, KIV 7 including KIV-7M, AN/CYZ-10, DTD, Sec-Net 54.• Manage infrastructure devices and systems, provide continuous 24/7 surveillance over the operation of the network using the latest approved software tools including but not limited to SNMPC, ArcSight, Cisco Secure Access Control Server (ACS), Cisco Call Manager, Juniper VPN, General Dynamics GEM X Encryptor ManagerCisco VOIP Phone Systems, Foundry Network , Cisco Networking Associate, VPN, Network Administration, NIPR/SIPR Network,UNIT ADMINISTRATOR, TRAINING COORDINATOR, INFORMATION'S OFFICER, UH-60 BLACK HAWK MECHANIC CHIEFColorado Army National Guard - Buckley AFB, CO - February 2004 to PresentBuckley AFB, COFebruary 2004- PresentAs a Section Chief I am responsible for the welfare and wellbeing of all subordinates under my management. Ensuring that proper training and evaluations occur to establish proper performances. Develop Personal Development plans to accelerate the progression of my Soldiers.Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:•As a team chief, I insured that I expressed an emphasis in my oral communication to my subordinates so as to mitigate any risk of misunderstanding when operating on the aircraft.•Displayed a strong attribute for attention to detail when performing work on the multi-million dollar aircraft.• Handled Service Member financial issues with a 100% monthly status report and recognized State wide for my pay timeliness.•Provided mentorship and guidance for lower enlisted Soldiers, to include a loyal service to my chain of command.• Assisted in the reconstruction of the Units Family Readiness Group, and helped raise over $1,700 for just one fund raiser.• Assisted as the unit Career Counselor where I motivated young Soldiers to enroll in a College that provided distance learning.• HIPAA Certified and may handle any medical documentations.• Coordinated and arranged mass training exercises with Joint Forces during multiple state wide maneuvers. •Currently hold a Secret Security Clearance and am eligible for a Top Secret Security Clearance.•While deployed, oversaw production control as a lower ranking service member. Was also placed in charge of 20 other soldiers during deployment.•Often sought after new schools and experiences to enhance the quality of my work, leadership skills, and overall performance.SUPPLY NCO/ SHAREPOINT DEVELOPER/PHYSICAL SECURITY OFFICERColorado Army National Guard - OFFICER, Colorado, US - March 2010 to May 2013SummeryManaged multimillion dollar components for a Space Intelligence Battalion. Ensured that all training was properly planned and conducted in accordance with essential mission tasks. Sole developer of SharePoint site. Developed a standard operating procedure which was utilized by the Battalion.Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:•Assisted multiple ARSST and CIT teams through the mobilization process that is required for any deploying unit, by providing superior administrative and logistical knowledge.•Acted as an S-1 representative and provided Soldiers with complimentary service when assisting with their administrative needs during mobilization and demobilization periods.•Directed to become the S-4 full time Supply Sergeant where I assisted the teams with their mobilization clothing and equipment. This position also required me to provide assistance with mandatory deployment training.•Quick study when it came to the mobilization process due to my prior experience in my Aviation unit. Some of the training I was responsible for managing was MOS training, Warrior Tasks, METL, and Unit task lists. •While working in the 217th Space company, I was familiarized with Overseas Deployment Training (ODT's), an understanding with the State Partnership Program (SPP's), NET/NEF, To include the mobilization and demobilization process.•Utilized a vast majority of National Guard and Active Army web applications which include, but are not limited to; RCAS, MPDV, DTMS, DTS, IPERMs, GIMS, Emilpo,•Designed computer applications that assisted in tracking mass logistics for military operations using Microsoft Access, Excel, Work Flows and Share Point Lists.•Continually furthered education outside of college through Comptia Certification ( Comptia A+, and Security+). •Assisted G6 staff with local Tier 1 technical help desk support and determined resolutions to user issues in a timely manner.•Troubleshoot hardware and software issues within a local workstation or data center devices such as servers, routers, switches, etc.•Effectively diagnose and resolve most network issues.•Assisted the S6 section in imaging new client work stations which supported the full time staff. •Knowledgeable in all Microsoft operating systems which include Microsoft Server 2008, Windows 2000 pro, ME, NT 4.0, XP, Vista, 7, and 8.•Assisted technician staff with monitoring local system security and an active directory where I helped manage building user accounts and resetting passwords if the user needed this.•Assisted technician staff in troubleshooting network connectivity via LAN line and VPN.•Assisted in maintaining a small local data center by monitoring environmental controls and periodical walk through inspections. Implementing security NIDS and NIPS software that detected abnormalities•While helping Technician staff, I became familiar with different trouble ticketing systems: i.e., Share Point workflows, DPI Portal, RCAS Portal, and Remedy Ticketing System.•The understanding of these systems allowed me to understand client to server software and documenting all reported issues.ASSISTANT MANAGERTaco Stop - Pueblo, CO - June 2001 to June 2004As assistant manager I was in charge of maintaining a production flow and ensure that my employees utilized appropriate customer care services.•After returning from Basic Training I was awarded a position as Assistant Manager.•As Assistant Manager, I trained ne employees, oversaw production, maintained OSHA regulations, ensured all health regulations were meet, and handled the daily withdraws and deposits.•Practiced effective management over 6 employees on any given day.EDUCATIONCES in Leadership CourseArmy School of Military Education Staff College September 2014Bachelor's in Information TechnologyAMERICAN MILITARY UNIVERSITY August 2014Associates in Computer ScienceAMERICAN MILITARY UNIVERSITY June 2013Pueblo East High School 2012LINKS http://beknown.com/frencesco-micciche￼