G Z Ram Harish MBA InternRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/G-Z-Ram-Harish/4423087cf2b18d1cWORK EXPERIENCEMBA InternNINAH CONSULTING - July 2013 to September 2013Jul 2013 - Sep 2013Ninah is a global management consulting firm dedicated to partnering with clients to drive profitable growth through marketingMBA InternMarketing Mix Modeling: Involved in optimization and marketing mix modeling projects for Banking & Telecommunication domains. Responsible for analyzing effectivesness of marketing activites and their ROI. Delivered 18 models based on marketing mix.Data Analysis and Consulting: Involved in customer target segmentation and classification. Organized, refined and analyzed client data for six regional markets to identify most efficient sales channels and recommend the client the advertising budget reallocation to increase market share.Quality EngineerSTRYKER CORPORATION - April 2010 to April 2012New Product Development Team, Stryker IndiaResponsible for risk management and risk analysis for the first new product development project initiated by Stryker India with revenue projections of $1 million over the next three years.• Successful pilot launch of product with 38 successful cases completed through Aug 2012 with development timeline achieved in all the phases of project.• Filed for patent, currently pending, for the concept and the process of creating Patient Custom Fixture. Post Market Performance, Stryker Instruments, USAMonitored trends for persistent failures and coordinated with the respective functional teams to implement on the corrective course of action for portfolio of medical devices.• Saved over $300,000 by implementing a project for the preventive maintenance of a waste management device by identifying and replacing a faulty component.• Established a complaint investigation system which led to elimination of customer complaints open more than 60 days, within eight months, leading to increased customer satisfaction across USA.Associate Design EngineerSTRYKER CORPORATION - April 2009 to March 2010Post Market Performance, Stryker Instruments, USAResponsible for the root cause analysis and complaint closure of 15 products across three product categories from USA and India.• Reduced complaint backlog by 40% after an investigation of more than 1500 complaints in one year.• Saved approximately $500,000 by implemention of over 15 corrective and preventive action procedures for both in-house manufacturing processes and suppliers' processes.Graduate Engineer Trainee (GET)STRYKER CORPORATION - June 2008 to March 2009￼Was selected as the sole company representative to present company's concepts and analysis to the surgeons and finalize the design of a low cost stent which was to be produced for under $1,000.• Won Best GET Award at the end of a six month training program.EDUCATIONMaster of Business Administration in Competitive and Organizational StrategySIMON GRADUATE SCHOOL OF BUSINESS, University of Rochester - Rochester, NY 2014Bachelor of Technology in Mechanical EngineeringNATIONAL INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 2008SKILLSASSETS & INTERESTS • Certified in Advanced MINITAB, CE Product Marking, ISO 13485 and FDA regulations(CFR) • Competencies: SPSS, SQL, AS 400, Fault Tree Analysis, Lean Manufacturing, MS Excel, MS AccessLINKS http://www.linkedin.com/in/ramharishADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSimon School of Business:• President, Health Sciences Club; Senior Analyst – Simon School Venture Capital Fund • Recipient of the Werner Scholar award ( Merit Scholarship)• Teaching Assistant for B2B Marketing, Consumer Behaviour and Healthcare OperationsNational Institute of Technology:• Organizing Committee Head for cultural college fest and technical fest “Literati”. • President, Literature & Debate club 2007-08.￼