Gagandeep SranSystem Administrator for Department of Computer Science - Lamar UniversityBeaumont, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Gagandeep-Sran/0d6437cea198db86About 9 months research experience in field of Neural Networks. Have good knowledge, and application experience of different Machine Learning algorithms. About 8 months experience as System Administrator.WORK EXPERIENCESystem Administrator for Department of Computer ScienceLamar University - Beaumont, TX - June 2014 to PresentLamar University. Responsibilities -1. Installing hardware and Software components in computers.2. Diagnose Hardware and Software Problems, and replace defected components. 3. Performing data backup and disaster recovery operations.4. Ensure security of data and software by implementing security measures.Lamar University - Beaumont, TX - May 2014 to PresentDate): Performing research in field of Machine learning under mentoring of Dr. Peggy Doerschuk. Responsibilities -1. Conduct and co-ordinate research in the field of Machine learning.2. Write documentations and reports, prepare technical reports.3. Analyze results and setup goals for further assessments. 4. Code necessary tools in Python.EDUCATIONBachelor of Technology in Information TechnologyPunjabi University May 2012Master of Science in Computer ScienceLamar University - Beaumont, TXADDITIONAL INFORMATION TECHNICAL SKILLSLanguages Java, SQL, C, PythonDatabases Oracle 10g, MS-SQL, MS AccessTools & Packages Eclipse Juno, NetBeans 7.x, Oracle SQL Developer, Enthought Canopy Protocols TCP/IP, UDP, FTP, HTTP/HTTPS,Operating Systems Windows 8/7/Vista/ XP, MAC OS X, LinuxTechnologies: Python, Enthought Canopy￼* Provides different Algorithms for width of RBF receptive field. * Used Dimensionality Reduction methods.* Test on variety of data sets of small to large dimensionality.Stock Price Prediction System(Ongoing)Technologies: Python, Enthought Canopy.* Using Principle Component Analysis.* Using different technical indicators to get improved performance.RESEARCH WORKSimple Method for Finding Width of Receptive field of RBF Neuron (Ongoing) * Developed a new algorithm for finding width of receptive field of RBF neuron. * Better performance of network using this new method.