Gary Wong SQL/Reporting Services DeveloperIrvine, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Gary-Wong/65d0af44dc51fa75SQL Developer with 5 years of T-SQL programming experience using MS SQL Server 2008 R2, MS SQL Server 2012 and Sybase. Good working experience in Business Intelligence Development for Reporting Services areas using SSRS and ETL using SSIS. Familiar with Data Modeling, Dimensional Modeling and Data Warehousing concepts. Good working experience in tuning SQL queries for maximum performance. Strong communication and interpersonal skills.Languages T-SQL, PL/SQL, C#, Java, X++, VBA, JavaScript, HTML, XML Web Technologies .NET Framework, ASP.NET, SilverlightIDE Visual Studio 2008, Visual Studio 2010Tools SSIS, SSRS, Toad, SQL-Programmer, Crystal ReportsPlatforms Windows, UNIXDatabases SQL Server 2008 R2, SQL Server 2012, Oracle, Sybase CM Tools Tortoise SVN, StarTeam, Clear Case, PVCSWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperVerify - Irvine, CA - October 2014 to PresentVerify, Irvine, CA 10/2014 - PresentVerify provides supplier quality, supply chain management, and technical support services for aerospace, high- technology, and quality critical applications in the United States and internationally. It offers product verification services that include first article inspection, pre-cap inspection, source inspection, and conformity inspection; and inspection, sorting, and corrective action to minimize the negative impact of defective parts.SQL/Report Developer• Design and develop SSRS reports using MS Visual Studio 2010 based on Business Operational requirements for the ERP application (MS Dynamic AX 2012).• Design and develop the Report Data Provider classes using X++ of MS Dynamic AX 2012. The Report Data Provider classes are developed and used as the data sources of the SSRS reports. X++ is very similar to C ++ and Java.• Assist in the development and maintenance of report design documents and guidelines.SQL DeveloperExsilio Solutions - Irvine, CA - March 2014 to July 2014Irvine, CA 03/2014 - 07/2014Exsilio Solutions is a top tier Microsoft software vendor, and its main business is to provide consulting to Microsoft Sales and Market departments regarding any software solutions, and also helping in developing software applications for Microsoft internal usage. The applications include reports, business intelligence, and data warehousing.SQL Developer￼• Developed and maintained the T-SQL stored procedures, functions, views, and triggers for the Microsoft in house reports. The development platform is MS SQL Server 2012, SSRS and the Pivot Table of Excel is used for presenting the reports in Excel.Software DeveloperHorizon Technology - Lake Forest, CA - September 2012 to February 2014Lake Forest, CA 09/2012 - 02/2014Horizon Technology is a computer components distributor specializing in computer parts.Software Developer• Developed and supported T-SQL stored procedures, functions, views, and triggers with SQL Server 2008. They are all consumed by the client/server and web applications.• Developed and supported the SSRS reports for daily business activities.• Developed and supported the Business Intelligence project using SSIS for ETL.Senior Software DeveloperPIMCO - Newport Beach, CA - October 2009 to December 2011Newport Beach, CA 10/2009 - 12/2011PIMCO is the world largest fixed-income fund-management company managing over 1 trillion dollars.Senior Software Developer• Designed and created the relational database, and developed the stored procedures, triggers using Sybase T-SQL. The database and stored procedures were used by the client/server for the bond trade analysis application.• Designed and maintained the client/server application using PowerBuilder that is used by trading floor.• Designed and implemented the new web based application from the new requirements using Visual Studio 2010, .NET Framework, C#, Silverlight, and Oracle database.Principal Programmer AnalystSan Diego Data Processing Corporation - San Diego, CA - July 2008 to September 2009San Diego, CA 07/2008 - 09/2009San Diego Data Processing Corporation is the technology services provider and IT partner of the City of San Diego.Principal Programmer Analyst• Designed and implemented the materialized views as the dimension and fact tables which were used for creating ad hoc reports using Crystal Reports tool.• Designed and implemented new functionality and fixed bugs for the web based application using Java, J2EE (Servlet, JSP, JDBC), HTML, CSS and Oracle. The web based application is used for managing the building permits.Software EngineerXIFIN Corporation - San Diego, CA - December 2006 to April 2008San Diego, CA 12/2006 - 04/2008XIFIN delivers a combination of technology and services enabling diagnostic service providers to optimize revenue cycle management.Software Engineer• Designed and developed the solutions to enhance or correct a complex web based medical billing software package using Java, J2EE and Oracle database. The application was developed under WebLogic with IntelliJ for IDE and HTML, XML and JavaScript for front end interfaces, JSP and Servlets for middle tier, and EJB, Java and PL/SQL for transaction processing.Software EngineerSan Diego Data Processing Corporation - San Diego, CA - October 2005 to November 2006Participated in all phases of software development life cycle including development, maintenance, evaluation, and enhancement of client/server application which is using PowerBuilder and Oracle database. The client/ server software application was used by City of San Diego to manage the contracts and contractors' information.Software EngineerNorthrop Grumman - San Diego, CA - March 1998 to August 2005San Diego, CA 03/1998 - 08/2005Northrop Grumman is an integrated enterprise consisting of businesses that cover the entire security spectrum, from undersea to outer space and into cyberspace.Software Engineer• Responsibilities included designing and implementing client/server based application for U.S. Navy Housing Management System using PowerBuilder and Oracle.EDUCATIONM.S. in Computer Software EngineeringNational University - San Diego, CAB.S. in Computer ScienceSan Diego State University - San Diego, CAB.S. in FinanceSan Diego State University - San Diego, CA