Geoffrey Haye Attorney - Marcial & Associates, LLCPhiladelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Geoffrey-Haye/76ad38d3553249b5Accomplished attorney with a strong transaction and litigation background in corporate law, real estate, and zoning, including securities compliance, contracts, formation, purchase and sale, leasing, and landlord/ tenant law. Proven ability to negotiate complex transactions in a timely manner. Licensed to practice in Pennsylvania, admitted in October 2007. Clear communication style, bilingual (English/Spanish), strong persuasive ability, and excellent multi-tasking skills.WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyMarcial & Associates, LLC - Philadelphia, PA - 2007 to Present Philadelphia, PA• Personally managed legal matters with disputed amounts in excess of 7 figures.• Drafted and litigated numerous landlord/tenant matters from leases with purchase option through eviction proceedings, including residential and commercial leases for both the landlord and the tenant.• Drafted agreements of sale for the purchase of property, commercial and residential, drafted and recorded the associated deeds.• Drafted and litigated mortgages and promissory notes• Litigated foreclosure proceedings for the City of Philadelphia's VIP Program for which a commendation was received.• Represented clients before the Philadelphia Zoning Board when seeking variances to existing zoning regulations.• Offshore corporate formation experience including Panama, the Cayman Islands and the Cook Islands.• Successful representation of a Top 5 national trucking corporation in a state level dispute before the Pennsylvania Utility Commission.• Drafted private placement offerings for clients, including registering with securities commissions in multiple states (MD, NJ, PA, DE, NY, and VA).• Handled SEC compliance requirements and private placement memoranda.• Overseeing multiple legal matters, primarily centered on serving the needs of Pennsylvania business owners, including drafting, evaluating and negotiating contracts; negotiating mutually beneficial settlements; and litigating contractual matters.• Asset protection experience.• As an advocate for clients, prepared presentations and testified before Philadelphia's City Council on city tax and business related matters.• Created and aided in the furtherance of Hispanic business organizations dedicated to consolidating the economic and political power of the Hispanic business community.• First Judicial District Pro Bono Service Award (2008).InternPhiladelphia Office of the City Solicitor - Philadelphia, PA - 2005 to 2006Interned directly for City Solicitor Romulo Diaz' Chief of Staff and for the Civil Rights Unit of the Office of the City Solicitor.• Over two summers, drafted correspondence, speeches and interviews for use by the City Solicitor.￼• Assisted in the preparation of legal documents for inclusion in City of Philadelphia contracts with Viacom and other vendors.• Drafted legal documents ranging from motions to dismiss to memorandums of law on Supreme Court rulings. • Worked as a volunteer on Philadelphia's Mortgage Foreclosure Renegotiation Program negotiating mortgage adjustments with lenders on behalf of Philadelphia residents.Business Development ManagerHaye Capital Group - Washington, DC - 2004 to 2004As business development manager, discovered new venues to host information sessions and prepared presentations for such sessions.• Planned, prepared, and made presentations to individuals and groups of different sizes.• Assisted in finding and recruiting financial sponsors for the site.Risk Assessment ManagerHaye Capital Group - Bowie, MD - 2000 to 2004Served for over 4 years, evaluating investment opportunities in the Washington D.C. metropolitan area.• Created strategies for the acquisition/divestment of real estate ranging in value from $80 thousand to $1 million.• Designed and presented detailed spreadsheet analysis of projected cash flow and estimated return on investment.• Analyzed the financial statements of for-profit businesses to determine loan repayment risk.• Managed the solicitation and collection of small money loans to business owners.• Assisted in the research of publicly traded companies to assist in Haye Capital Group's private fund management sector.EDUCATIONJuris Doctorate in EducationJames Beasley School of Law, Temple University 2007BS in EconomicsBowie State University - Bowie, MD 2003SKILLSPennsylvania Licensed Title AgentCERTIFICATIONSCertified Associate in Project Management