George GarciaFort Meade, MD - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/George-Garcia/3c65b7e947d3cf07 TS/SCI w/Full-Scope Polygraph Security ClearanceHighlights of Qualifications• Experienced professional with 20 years expertise in managing in design, implementation, optimization, and troubleshooting of complex communications networks• Directed day-to-day operations of 25 personnel, provided mission-essential communications capability for 9.5K network users; coordinated the operations for $42M of communication assets• Managed infrastructure and communication requirements for 10 Pacific Air Forces bases including 232 geographically separated units covering over 1 million square miles• Led various Pacific Air Forces’ (PACAF’s) network modernization efforts from major command-centric to the Air Force’s vision of centralized operations.• Participated in the collaboration of IT advancements projects development and implementation like Continuity of Operations (COOP), Air Force network (AFNet) migration, second generation wireless, Windows 7 migration and infrastructure modernization (Turnkey and Modernization).Resourceful and dedicated Systems Administrator delivering expertise within system analysis, problem identification, new technologies, audits, configuration change management, hardware/software installation, user support, account maintenance and troubleshooting. Leads and mentors teams to ensure optimal customer service. Provides open source research and integrates data from various information assurance operations. Recognized as a self-starter with excellent technical and problem solving skills, and extreme attention to detail. Effectively documents and briefs technical issues and procedures. Offers excellent written and verbal communication skills.Core Competencies Include:♦ Procedural Development ♦ Troubleshooting ♦ Test Methodologies♦ Military / Government Operations ♦ Report Compilation ♦ Administration ♦ Strategic Planning ♦ Customer Service ♦ Network Implementation♦ Complex Analysis ♦ Attention to Detail ♦ Cost AnalysisWORK EXPERIENCEComputer Network Operations InstructorUSAF, 70th Operations Support Squadron - Fort Meade, MD - September 2013 to PresentResponsibilitiesServe as the lead instructor for cybersecurity courses. Provide instruction within methodology, operations, analysis and design skills in specific National Security Agency (NSA) computer networking and telecommunications technologies. Develop new and revised Information Technology (IT) processes. Provide insightful system management and troubleshooting tasks to ensure efficiency. Work with customers to assess needs, provide information and assistance, resolve issues and satisfy expectations. Coordinate with customers and develop professional, responsive and productive relationships. Present briefings to management. Accomplishments• Developed Industrial Control System/Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (ICS/SCADA) advanced course vulnerability section.￼• Configured and evaluated system requirements for the 70 OSS Wing computer lab, reconfigured 35 computers and provided storage access for 800 analysis-in-training, saved the unit $42K in replacement costs. • Developed the unit’s first automated tracking system for the Evaluation Management System (EMS) and program managers’ websites on SharePoint, building 150 member databases, reduced processing time with a 98% on time delivery rate; saved $96k per year on contractor costs.Flight Chef, Command Combat Infrastructure Transport SystemsUSAF, HQ PACAF - Hickam AFB, HI - November 2010 to September 2013ResponsibilitiesLed various network operation modernization efforts in support of Pacific Air Force (PACAF) Forces command, from major command (MAJCOM) centric to centralized operations. Directed military and civilian staff, to include contractors, on major IT projects, training and supervision tasks. Advised HQ PACAF Communications Director and staff on policies, deployments and life-cycle support of command, control, communications, computers and intelligence (C4I) systems. Developed cost estimates for new and modified systems, during the integration of all components to complete system implementation.Accomplishments• Managed a $15M+ communications/information infrastructure upgrade program (Turnkey and Modernization projects) while leading a three-member Command Combat Infrastructure Systems team.• Directed a $33M network infrastructure upgrade project to align the Air Force Network Operations vision by performing and coordinating logistics, and fielding network system support across the theater.• Managed a $13M theater Air Force network migration project, resulting in becoming the first overseas base and MAJCOM to migrate to the Air Force network.• Coordinated $2.5M satellite contract renewal, and monitored frequency transfer with zero mission delay in support of Special Operations Forces in 20 countries.• Directed the Cisco VPN concentrator installation and upgrade project for Hickam Air Force Base.• Deconflicted 1.7K authorized service interruption requests in support of 11 forward Special Operations Forces while deployed for 6 months, protecting an $85M command and control (C2) infrastructure from cyber attacks. • Managed a secured network’s public key infrastructure (PKI) alternate token program and distribution for PACAF, resulted in becoming the first MAJCOM to eliminate username/password vulnerabilities.• Managed the deployment, testing, and administration of Windows 7 for 10 AF bases in the Pacific theater.NCOIC, Patch and Test Facility/Network InfrastructureUSAF, 15th Communications Squadron - Hickam AFB, HI - October 2007 to November 2010ResponsibilitiesLed 25 military and civilian personnel in the management of US Pacific Command (USPACOM), HQ PACAF, 13 AF, 613 AOC, and 15 WG secure voice and data capabilities. Managed, directed, maintained, controlled and troubleshot $120M command and control secure voice communications Defense Red Switch Network (DRSN). Administered a circuit action program enforcing strict Defense Information System Agency-Pacific rules and procedures. Performed system administration, to include system upgrades, operating system reloads and system configurations. Utilized sophisticated electronic test equipment to conduct timely fault isolation and resolution of network connectivity programs.Accomplishments• Managed 125 priority-one NIPRNet, SIPRNet, weather, air/space defense circuits supporting Pacific Command’s area of responsibility.• Tracked and oversaw hardware/software installations like standard desktop configuration deployment for Windows Vista and Win7; trained system administrators on installations, troubleshooting, and local operating procedures. Ensured proper security, maintenance and documentation were completed.• Provided technical and system administration support for domain name service, dynamic host configuration protocol and automated business services system servers.• Utilized system administration tools to manage users and network utilization with Net IQ Directory Resource Administration and Microsoft’s Active Directory Services.• Performed and trained network technicians on configuration, key management, and key-load of encryption/ decryption devices such as Tactical Local Area Network Encryption (TACLANE), KIV-7 series, KIV-19 and KG-194.• Authored Local Operating Instruction (LOIs) and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for continuity of operation and compliance purposes.Communications Computer Systems ControllerUSAF, JCISA - Republic, MO - October 2006 to October 2007ResponsibilitiesMaintained the principle C2 circuits used by UN Command and ROK/US Combined Forces Command in the Korean Theater. Managed circuit installation, maintenance and operations of $50M US-only Global Command and Control Systems- Joint (GCCS-J) and the Combined Enterprise Regional Information Exchange System (CENTRIXS) networks. Monitored the configuration and 24-hour support of 3,300 secure serial circuits and virtual circuits. Coordinated with technical control facilities, ROK civilian service providers and military units to maintain maximum network effectiveness. Managed the largest communications security (COMSEC) account in the Korean Peninsula.Accomplishments• Managed the largest communications security (COMSEC) account in the Korean Peninsula.• Directed the operational capability of 60+ critical unclassified/classified circuits, while maintaining a 95% up time for the GCCS-J/GCCS-K networks.• Coordinated $100K power distribution and security upgrades, completing work one week ahead of schedule and increasing capability by 80%.• Assimilated the Judge Advocate General’s office into the network, securing legal encapsulated information for 10K people.• Managed the circuit installation, maintenance and operations of Global Command and Control Systems - Korea and Joint networks.• Maintained 100% accountability for a $3M equipment account through effective inventory management.• Directed a multi-national repair team in the isolation and replacement of a faulty network card, restoring connectivity in less than five minutes.• Served as the team lead for eight peninsula-wide exercises by monitoring network and circuit activity, supplying indispensable data to commanders and leaders.• Managed daily communications status reports, providing vital information reports to United States Forces Korea (USFK) commanders.Network Intrusion Detection AnalystComputer Sciences Corp/Eagle Alliance - Fort Meade, MD - July 2005 to August 2007ResponsibilitiesPerformed detailed analysis of real time security events. Ensured proper protection measures were in place. Comprehended all operations of the Intrusion Detection Desk. Ensured security of NSA networks and information systems as a member of the NSA/CSS Information Systems Incident Response Team (NISIRT).Accomplishments• Utilized networking tools to compile daily analysis of network traffic, abuse of resources and possible intrusion.• Authored daily vulnerability reports on the status of protecting NSA/CSS assets from cyber attacks.• Interfaced with and provided information to existing infrastructure protection elements like Security Operations Center, Computer and Telecommunications Operations Center and the National Security Operations Center.NCOIC, Logistics FlightUSAF, 94th Intelligence Squadron - Fort Meade, MD - September 2004 to August 2006ResponsibilitiesManaged position, upgrades and mobility training for 28 assigned personnel. Compiled and maintained job qualification standards for each system. Coordinated training requirements for hardware/software upgrades and integrated changes into Maintenance System Evaluation Module (MSEM) training plans. Led and ensured MSEM technicians were qualified to maintain and operate the National Security Agency’s nine-figure consolidated Remote Operations Facility, Airborne (CROFA), the Signals Intelligence (SIGINT) backbone of the Air Force’s Distributed Common Ground Systems and 12 subsystems, to include remote terminals.Accomplishments• Managed 24 military personnel and 4 contractors.• Ensured proper training of all assigned staff. Enrolled staff in upgrade training, tracked progress, administered volume review exercises and recommended end-of-course testing.• Coordinated cryptographic support, contractor requirements, maintenance oversight and operational support with outside agencies.• Coordinated troubleshooting and repair of CROFA systems with the National Security Agency staff, contractors and technicians at remote sites.• Monitored Communications-Computer Systems control facility contractor compliance with contract requirements.• Tracked hardware/software installations to ensure proper security and maintenance documentation.• Managed training records and acted as the liaison for Consolidated Remote Operations Facility Airborne.EDUCATIONB.S. in Information Technology - SecurityWestern Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT 2008 to 2011A.A.S. in Technology A.A.SUniversity of Hawaii Honolulu Community College - Honolulu, HIA.A.S. in Electronic Systems Technology A.A.SCommunity College of the Air Force - Maxwell AFB, ALSKILLSCertifications: ITIL Foundation; Professional Manager Certification; Certified Ethical Hacker; Local Registration Authority; CCNA-Security; Web Design Specialist; CCENT; CCNA; Network+ ce; Database Design Specialist; Project+; Windows 7-Configuration; Java Script; Security+ ce; Communications-Computer Systems Control Craftsman; A+ CertificationADDITIONAL INFORMATIONPRIOR CAREER ROLESNCOIC, Patch and Test Facility, USAF, 303rd Intelligence, Osan AB, Republic of Korea (2003-2004)Network Support and Integration Specialist, USAF, 305th Communications Sq, McGuire AFB, NJ (2000-2003)RELEVANT COURSEWORK & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENTIntroduction to IPv6; Fiber Optics Concept; CIW Foundation; Infrastructure Network Management; Non- commissioned Officer Academy; Fiber Optic Theory / Maintenance Technique; Basic Scalable Cisco Network; Interconnecting Cisco Networking Devices; Infrastructure Technology Systems (ITS) 300; Cisco CCNA Boot Camp; TACLANE Operator Training; ATM Principles; Work Group Manager CourseTECHNOLOGYCisco Routers and Switches; Cisco IDS; Operating Systems (Windows NT, Vista, and 7, Unix); Encryption Devices (TACLANE, TACLANE Micros, KIV-7 Series, KIV 19, KG-194); Multiplexers; Promina; Network Analyzers (CiscoWorks, HP OpenView, CA UniCenter, SolarWinds, What’sUp Gold) ; Network Protocols (EIGRP, RIP, OSPF, BGP, ; Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook), Internet Applications (Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari)