Gladys Velez Marketing & Sales DirectorTrujillo Alto, PR - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Gladys-Velez/30adc2154f605d64Obtain a challenging leadership role in a growing company that allows me to use my skills, experience and education as a solid Marketing & Sales professional.WORK EXPERIENCEMarketing & Sales DirectorEmpresas Fonalledas- Vaquería Tres Monjitas, Inc - September 2009 to November 2014In charge of Marketing & Sales Department / Sales performance of $125 million per year and 3,500 point of sales destinations.• Design Annual Marketing Plan including strategies for island wide distribution and sales, public relations, events & conventions coordination, quality customer service programs, social media, advertising campaigns, tactical seasonal programs, product development, retail-pricing structures, line extensions, market- trend studies and packaging designs.• Forecast, budgeting and price-structures settings.• Identify new opportunities to improve business.• Excellent relationship with customers and coordination with market decision-makers and key account decision-makers.• Business Review presentations• Administrative negotiations with labor union management and delegates.Marketing ManagerEmpresas Fonalledas -Vaquería Tres Monjitas, Inc - San Juan, PR - October 2000 to September 2009Market introduction and launching activities for new products at many market channels.• Briefing and coordinate efforts to design the annual Marketing Plan and Advertising Campaigns.• Identify market opportunities for product penetration and market development.• Improve brand positioning and presence.• Key to obtain the representation and introduction to PR's market for the Welch's refrigerated variety, in addition to another top brands, and developed sales goals and marketing strategies.Product ManagerEmpresas Fonalledas -Vaquería Tres Monjitas, Inc - San Juan, PR - August 1995 to October 2000In charge of management for major chain-stores accounts; Product distribution analysis and team work with sales force to improve results in sales mix, brand penetration and distribution.Marketing DirectorAmerican Red Cross - June 1985 to August 1995Certified as "Instructor's-Trainer Trainer" (ITT) in the National American Red Cross "Transformation Process" and Team Member for nationwide Red Cross "Total Quality Program".• In charge of product coordination, sales & promotion through out Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands; Designing and implementation of effective programs to satisfy hospitals and community needs; Collection forecasts and goals; Key accounts management; Target segmentation; Corporate campaigns.￼• Create and develop "Direct Mail" and "Telemarketing" divisions; Establish and coordinate the opening of new collection fixed sites, additional mobile units, and the important "Bone Marrow Donor" program & directory in PR.EDUCATIONMBA in Business Administration, MarketingUniversidad Del Turabo - Caguas, PR 1988 to 1990BBA in Business Administration, MarketingUniversidad de Puerto Rico, Río Piedras Campus 1981 to 1985ADDITIONAL INFORMATION QUALIFICATIONS• High-performance professional. Positive attitude and strong interpersonal skills to drive to results. Aimed to support corporate objectives. Ability to work successfully with different market conditions and demographics factors. Excellent handling of business relationships. Effective supervision skills. Understanding of administrative processes. Goal oriented. Trade marketing expertise. Negotiation skills with proven responsibility.• Excellent knowledge of Outlook/WordPerfect/ PowerPoint.