Grady Haynes Lead Software EngineerFort Worth, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Grady-Haynes/299938fbe0eee03aI’m passionate about making quality products that make people smile, and I’m looking for my next opportunity to do so. I’m a valuable contributor on any team, especially one that’s product-focused and driven by customer satisfaction. I have proven skills in learning new things and broad experience in multiple environments with over fifteen years in industry and strong experience/success working remotely.My particular strengths include communication, user interface design, and empathy for users. My work reflects my commitment to detail, correctness, and quality.I have a lifelong interest in operating systems (from kernels to UIs) and the use of technology in the arts. Interests of the moment include cloud deployment (e.g. Docker), fuzz testing, functional systems management (e.g. NixOS), coding for children, and wearables.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware Developerwordparts LLC - Fort Worth, TX - 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesA personal project to learn iOS development while producing an app I’ve always wanted, Mosaics is an easy way to create art in a centuries-old style.“Mosaics - make beautiful mosaics by hand” is available for free on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. Every piece is unique and rendered with realistic lighting effects in response to device tilt, giving life to users’ creations.Working on Mosaics served as an excellent opportunity to learn Objective-C and Cocoa Touch. It combines UIKit (including Storyboards, Auto Layout, and Core Animation) with OpenGL ES to achieve its beautiful effects while retaining a feel that’s iOS-native.The app’s production also required a pseudorandom 3D mesh generator. I wrote that piece in Swift utilizing Scene Kit on OS X.Download Mosaics from the App Store for free: http://appstore.com/gradyhaynes/mosaicsLead Software EngineerThomson Reuters - 2008 to 2014Led e-commerce team's web product development operations: shopping cart, sales promotions, checkout experience, order-to-cash integration.- Oversaw analysis and design for a primarily-remote team of two C# developers and a graphic designer. Led development and handled team scheduling, prioritization, reporting, and representation.- Team earned a reputation for shipping on time and with zero defects.Integrated this team with domestic and overseas development groups to enhance our globally-used commerce site platforms.￼- Built a number of major site features including: an RSS feed with CMS integration, enhancements to product search suggestions, and shopping workflows for new sites in several languages and locales.- Worked one-on-one with product owners and technical teams - both primarily remote - using an agile methodology.- Development environment included Java, Hybris Suite, Spring, Groovy, Apache Solr, and Jenkins.Led production and development of multiphase replacement of Tax & Accounting unit's billing system.- Enabled existing and recently integrated business units to give a uniform customer experience across company brands, open new cross-brand sales opportunities, realize cost savings from centralization of product development, and offer new subscription models.- In business analysis role, led deep-dive discovery process with users to design an optimal system regardless of existing processes; then, led planning and implementation effort to achieve that while avoiding impact to ongoing business functions.- Development leadership role on team of ten developers included work in C#, ASP.NET MVC, HTML, JavaScript, and Bash scripting. Oversaw integration testing while working with QA team to ensurethorough user testing while meeting frequent deadlines.Senior Systems EngineerThomson Tax & Accounting - 2004 to 2008Developed extensive changes to invoicing system.- Enabled massive organic and inorganic expansion while substantially reducing manual effort.- Received nomination for Award of Excellence for leading this highly successful implementation.Acted as lead technical investigator and implementor for seven business acquisitions.- Wrote numerous apps in various environments to allow smooth integration.- Examples include apps for OCR of surveys, data mining for product suggestions, student achievement tracking with certificate printing, and tools for seminar scheduling.Planned and designed next-generation online learning management system.- Participated in interviewing and hiring decisions.- Developed mini-CRM acclaimed for its powerful, pleasant UI. The app reduced training costs and increased user productivity.Systems EngineerPractitioners Publishing Company - 1999 to 2004Played key role in two major order-to-cash system upgrades; re-engineered numerous applications to use up- to-date technologies and improve user experience.EDUCATIONComputer Science and EngineeringUniversity of Texas at Arlington - Arlington, TX 2003 to 2005