Grant MayerHardware Technician/Networking Technician - Blue Diamond Computer ServicesGreensboro, NC - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Grant-Mayer/83153ff7ad461ee3Six years of practical work experience ranging from office work to retail. With Strong academic training, allowing the development of a strong work ethic along with experience using Computer programming and computer hardware. Excellent customer service and Practical leadership skills, I have been recognized multiples times for my outstanding work quality and quick thinking on the job.WORK EXPERIENCEHardware Technician/Networking TechnicianBlue Diamond Computer Services - Greensboro, NC - August 2014 to PresentI work with database's using SQL to change values and add queries, resulting in me addressing customer's issues in a timely manner.• I used java and C++ to help assimilate different functions into the game's and different software to allow computer's to function accordingly.• I traveled to remote locations across North Carolina and installed computer's and set up networking• worked with bill acceptors and helped develop software for bill acceptors.• I built and configured images for machines, then dispersed images on location. I used different software such as fog imaging software Clonezilla and Acronis.• I took control of the work process having interaction with customer's, taking order's and building computer's for the customer's needs.• Built a fog server to help expedite the imaging process and save time and money. This helped save hours of time imaging up to 20 computer's at a time, as opposed to one computer at a time.• I worked help desk for the company and used Bomgar to remote into computer's and informed customer's the processes to fix these problems. I would look into logs on the remote computer viewing the customer's issue and addressing it immediately.Customer Assistant/Hardware TechnicianGeek Squad - Burlington, NC - July 2014 to PresentI taught customer's and instructed them on how to operate device's or answer their questions.• I helped establish rapport with customer's to ensure their business and ensured quick turnaround time per customer's devices.• I reset and refurbished android tablet's to help correct software issues and malware infestations.• I built desktop computers for customer's per their request. I would add new components, such as graphic cards or new hard drive disk or ram.• I worked to correct blue screen errors or any software issues clients had. Whether reimaging computer's or reinstalling windows on customer's computer.Network Technician/Hardware TechnicianIT Solutions Personal Business - Greensboro, NC - November 2011 to PresentHands on experience fixing and maintaining client's devices including laptops, phones, tablets.• I invited clients to education event's where I would train clients in different technical and non-technical instructions.• I would purchase computer hardware online such as Motherboards, RAM, Processors, Graphic Cards, Power supplies and any other item's requested by customer's￼• I would rebuild PC's and sell them for repurposing and redistribution.• I would fix customer's networking issues such as resetting router's or changing their router's to static depending on the situation.Network TechnicianGTCC - Greensboro, NC - November 2013 to March 2014Network TechnicianHands on experience in maintaining databases and records of patients• I used Wireshark to help identify bottleneck issues and packet loss issues and help implement solutions.• I established packet transfers between different switches and LANs establishing network infrastructure.• Prepared and established different access points around the Jamestown Campus and Greensboro Campus. • I worked with switches and servers to allow a faster paced network transfers all while distributing and upholding a group policy set by the State of North Carolina.• I worked in cooperation with the servers Admins implementing security architecture and basic framework.Hardware TechnicianGTCC ITS DEPARTMENT - Jamestown, NC - January 2013 to November 2013Responsible for maintaining and developing staff computer's and server's to maintain the school environment. • Worked with tools like Clonezilla to clone and distribute OS to older outdated machine's to help recycle and reuse the machines.• I worked with a small team to migrate older XP system's to Windows 7 as well as adding them to active directory.• I worked with several web scripting languages and SQL queries to address different issues per request. • Used DBAN to securely wipe older machines and prepare them for recycling and reuse.• Worked with small teams to switch computer lab's to different VLANs and to mitigate Packet Transfer.• I also worked closely with The AV department giving me experience setting up arena's and speaker sets.EDUCATIONA.S. in Cyber Crime TechGuilford Technical Community College - Greensboro, NC 2011 to 2014B.S. in software developmentUniversity of North Carolina Greensboro - Greensboro, NC 2010 to 2011ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONComputer Skills: Hardware configuring, software configuring, Network analysis, Diagnostics, Programming, Languages: HTML, Python, JavaScript, Visual BasicDatabases: MS-Access, SQL server 2008Operating Systems: Windows server 2008 and UNIX, assorted Linux versions, Windows 8, Windows 8.1, Windows 7, Android,Software: MS Visual Studio, Adobe Photoshop, Windows NT 4.0, MS office Suite products, MS Visual Studio, Wireshark, Nmap, Emulation software, Cell bright, Tor, VMware Workstation, AV software, Clonezilla, DBAN, Ping Utilities, SQL express R2, Acronis.