Greg BarnardNetwork / Systems Administrator - Nordis DirectBoynton Beach, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Greg-Barnard/987d97736cd1b757WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorNordis Direct - Coral Springs, FL - November 2012 to January 2015ResponsibilitiesPerform daily system monitoring. Established network specifications by conferring with users; analyzing workflow, access, information, and security requirements; designing router administration, including interface configuration and routing protocols. Established network by evaluating network performance issues including availability, utilization, throughput and latency; planning and executing the selection, installation, configuration, and testing of equipment; defining network policies and procedures; establishing connections and firewalls, threat and vulnerability management; VPN control and administration. Secure network by developing network access, monitoring, control, and evaluation; maintaining documentation. Protect organization's value by keeping information confidential and compliant with HIPAA and SSAE 16 standards. Administration of Symantec Backup Exec; Windows Server DC, AD, DNS and DHCP; APC UPS networking, NEC NEAX 2000 Phone System; Create, change, and delete user, group and enterprise accounts per request. Cloud backup and server mirroring. SolarWinds Administration. Production computer and software configuration, upgrade and maintenance. Company-wide Office 365 Deployment.AccomplishmentsSAN, NAS (both Buffalo and NetGear appliances)Disaster RecoverySymantec's Backup ExecActive Directory Server 2003 to 2012Designing, building and implementing infrastructure systems HIPAA and PCI complianceSonicWall firewallsWindows Server DC, AD, DNS and DHCPSkills UsedSpearheaded build-out and expansion efforts of network, server and production hardware and configuration of additional distribution center in Las Vegas; complete transition and migration from Google Apps to Office 365 in one weekend.Systems AdministratorTBC Corporation - Palm Beach Gardens, FL - November 2010 to November 2012Wintel Systems, Server 2000-2008, VMware, Exchange 2003-2010, LANDesk, Remote Services, AS400 and ASW Services, Deployment and Maintenance of Servers, Routers and Switches, High-level SQL Server 2008, MPLS Deployment, Support of 800+ Nation-wide Retail Stores, T1 and WAN administration, SolarWinds Administration Backup and Disaster Relief and Restoration; Active Directory maintenance, User Creation, Policy Administration, VMware Administration, Remote/Local Server Build and Administration, SharePoint Administration, SolarWinds Administration.Security Systems Administrator￼Oasis Outsourcing - West Palm Beach, FL - July 2010 to December 2010Badging System Configuration and Administration, McAfee, Foundstone and Hercules Administrator (both appliance and software), Video Surveillance System Administration, Active Directory and Server Administration, Penetration Testing and Compliance, Ticketing System and Metrics Measurement, Linux Penetration Testing, NMAP, Statement on Auditing Standards (SAS) No. 70 Type II audit SAS 70 (similar to PCI Certification).System/Network AdministratorBonds.com - Boca Raton, FL - October 2009 to March 2010 Boca Raton, FL♦ One-stop-shop, Web, Network, Windows environment. From Cisco Routers and Switches to printers and phones. Managed Exchange administration; Active Directory; Vendor Management; New Deployment for both local and remote officesBranch Network SupportRiverside National Bank - Fort Pierce, FL - December 2007 to March 2009 Ft. Pierce, FLState-wide network support, deployment and configuration of PC's, Servers, Cisco 2960, 3650, MPLS and IP ATM switches and routers. Break/Fix Environment; Ciscoworks and Cisco OS, Network Monitoring. APC Networked Uninterruptable Power Supplies, Telecom, data and FAX relocation and deployment, Branch openings, Active Directory Management. Fiber optic cable installation, configuration and management. Project Requirements, ordering, configuring, tracking and deployment. Cisco IOS and BGP.♦ Personnel, Vendor and Management Conflict Resolution with face to face resolve♦ Customer Relationship Management and Customer Focus in "Everything is Customer Service!" Campaign ♦ Peer Collaboration and Project Planning through whiteboard collaboration sessions♦ Process, Inventory and Client Relationship Monitoring through End-user Survey♦ Vendor and Departmental Accountability through verbal and written contract.♦ Wide Range of major PC package applications and Varying Configurations♦ Hardware deployment management and Inventory Control♦ Presentation Development for Management with Project Development and Direction♦ Tracking, Status Reporting and LoggingField Technical Support / Mobile Deployment & ImplementationFlorida Power & Light - Power, Florida, US - August 2004 to July 2007 Mobile Workforce Management System Support; Juno Beach, FLLead the deployment/configuration/implementation of Fleet vehicles with Itronix GoBooks (Windows-based mobile laptops for work management system) in all field vehicles. Anchor for deployment of AVL/GPS Pilot (GPS-based Vehicle location system) in Richmond Service Center (South Miami). Headed image configuration and testing for over 25 separate Hardware Configurations.♦ PC, Server, LAN, WAN, and Wireless troubleshooting.♦ Imaged/Reimaged PC's, Servers and Mobile Equipment for New & Spare Replacement. Vendor Repair Reports and Analysis.♦ QA & Testing of new applications updates and patch management for field production personnel.♦ Wireless Configuration and Deployment of all Mobile Devices (660) with LAN, RF Modem and Wireless 802.11 a/b/g capabilities. Corporate Area Network, wirelessly connecting Corporate structures to main hub, Access Point location and Unified Communication configuration.♦ Inventory, Vendor relations, shipping receiving,♦ Application QA, Testing, Training and Deployment. Resolved customer conflicts and revitalized communication between upper and middle management to complete stability to project.Database Maintenance Supervisor / Application SupportAT&T Wireless Services - West Palm Beach, FL - February 2000 to December 2003 Redmond, WA♦ Data Correlation and Integrity of All National Cell Sites; Manager of Data Processors; Project Planning, Implementation, Quality Control and Software Testing♦ SQA/Quality Control of Database applications; Preparation and Merge from Legacy application to Web- Based Application and other Application Development.♦ Proficient with Windows-based workstations and Windows 2000 Server with MS Office and TCP/IP networking.♦ Created Technical Documentation, Test Plans and End-User Manuals for Applications, Procedures, Protocols and Project Management.♦ Developed System Requirements & Specifications. Project Management and Business Analysis of Proprietary Business Systems♦ Established Customer requirements, End User Instruction and Documentation, interviewing/JAD sessions, writing functional specs and business process documentation.♦ Network Prototype Modeling; Customer, Technical and Systems Support; Information Security; Database Administration and Data Storage / Mining; Technical Assistance and Consultation, Change Management, End- User Acceptance and Regression Testing.♦ Process Improvement and System Benchmarking.♦ Experience with AMS, SIMS, BLIP, AVS, PrimaVera, ProMIS, (AT&T Wireless Internal Proprietary Apps) Arcview, MapInfo, Oracle, PeopleSoft, All MS Office Applications.♦ Supervised, scheduled, and planned activities of workers operating computers and peripheral equipment that supported entire company. Assigned staff and scheduled work to facilitate production. Conferred and instructed programmers and project managers on strategies for creating new programs and modifying existing programs, including all aspects of the product life cycle from "cradle to grave".Quality ControlMotorola through TekSystems - Plantation, FL - November 1998 to February 2000 Schaumburg, IL♦ SW Quality / Testing and full SDLC.♦ Reimaged Desktops, Laptops and Palm devices.♦ Created Technical Documentation, Test Plans and End-User Manuals for Applications, Procedures and Protocols.♦ Use of ClearCase, eRoom, WinRunner, Mercury Interactive, QuickTest Pro and other SW Development tools.Integration Engineering Prototype Laboratory ManagerSensormatic Electronics, Inc - Boca Raton, FL - July 1994 to November 1998Managed 3000 Sq.Ft Computer Integration Laboratory for Integration of POS Exception Monitoring, CCTV Surveillance, Badge Access Prototype and Testing.♦ Designed, Created and Built Computer Usability Observation Laboratory for User Acceptance Testing and Certification. Headed Change and Engineering Management.♦ Authored and drafted Customer Requirements Documents, Technical Requirements Documents and Market Analysis Documents.♦ Barcode Warehouse Inventory Control and Tiered Access♦ Researched, Designed and installed Network Prototype systems ranging from Ethernet to token ring for SCO Unix, Windows and OS2 communications.EDUCATIONElectronics Training ExtensionTexas A&M - San Antonio, TXAssociates in Computer SciencesSouth University - West Palm Beach, FLLINKS http://www.linkedin.com/in/grbarnardADDITIONAL INFORMATIONQualificationsResults-focused professional equipped with extensive experience as Technical Lead and Manager of new PC deployments, PC reimage program and network/server administration. Responsible for all aspects of multi-locational maintenance of enterprise level operations. Offering demonstrated talents in defining and achieving high standards for quality and performance in full inventory of Windows-based server, desktop and laptop environments. Design, application and maintenance of technology and inventory of that technology. Possessing excellent interpersonal, communication, team building, training, and leadership skills. Proficient in procurement, installation, modification, optimization, and standardization of new and existing hardware. Research, evaluation and recommendation of Windows-based environment across state-wide operations.- Cisco Networking and Microsoft Server, Desktop and Laptop Administration - Client Technology Services Service Level Agreement Compliance - Vendor Research, Liaison Certification and Conflict Resolution- Deployment & configuration of Cisco switches and routers - Process Improvement and System Benchmarking of PC Inventory -Technical and Process Documentation and Revision- Barcode Warehouse Inventory and shipping tracking and confirmation - Change management and Project Management skills- Application QA, Testing, Training and Deployment- Processes and methodologies for IT On-Time and Deployment Assurance- Networking and System Load Testing and Validation- New Technology Testing, Evaluation and Patch managementKeywords: build-out, Network, Windows environment, Cisco, Switches, Exchange, Active Directory, Deployment, configuration, Servers, APC, Fiber, cable installation, • Hardware, Inventory, Project, Implementation, Workforce Management, Wireless, Application, QA, Testing, Data Correlation, Integrity, SQA, Quality Control, Office, Technical Documentation, Test Plans, Procedures, Business Analysis, Customer requirements, Technical, Information Security, Data Storage / Mining, • Process Improvement,￼SDLC, Laboratory, Integration, POS, CCTV, Surveillance, Usability, Observation, User Acceptance Testing, Certification, Customer Requirements, Prototype,