Harold WoodNeed someone to to build a system for you? Or need someone just to expand an existing system?Kent, WA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Harold-Wood/6322131f5e35b3c5Looking for an employer that needs a software developer that also is a system architect. I like to solve problems. Tell me what you need done, stand back and let me do it, thats all I ask.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperRestaurants Unlimited Inc - Seattle, WA - February 2015 to PresentResponsibilitiesDaily responsibilities involve new development intermixed with debugging existing code base and general problem solving, one-off report generation.Accomplishments• Developed app to enable selected users to place restaurants into temporary closing mode along with an accompanying report developed in SSRS to provide a list of all restaurants in temporary closed status, the beginning date, projected ending date and the reason for the closing.• Developed financial report to show discounts applied at selected restaurants or all restaurants, report was developed in SSRS and SQL.• Debugged forecasting tool’s stored procedure so that it could successfully forecast into the new, upcoming fiscal year.• Developed financial report to show Menu Sales by Item for a Restaurant. This report has a lot of selection criteria that allow multiple selections so the main data set sproc got fairly complicated.Skills UsedSSRS development skills, T-SQL Skills(especially stored procedures, user defined functions, table and view design). C# both in desktop and web development.Software Development EngineerMicrosoft thru H10 - Redmond, WA - December 2013 to PresentDeveloped data quality reporting app from a handful of SQL scripts and an email template, reducing time to generate weekly reports from half an hour to less than 2 minutes, populating a backend database giving a depth to the reporting that wasn't available before.• Developed app to echo state changes from R.F.C.(Request For Changes) from G.N.S.(General Network Services) to customer portals freeing personnel for other tasks and saving an estimated $50K annual in salary costs. App included processing log output when something noteworthy had happened during a cycle and a daily recap report.• Developed app to scan thru R.F.C.s from G.N.S. looking for those that need to be echoed and the template to use for the communications format. App included processing log output when something noteworthy had happened during a cycle and was included in the daily recap report.• Developed monthly Inventory analysis reports using the database established with the first project.• Developed app to randomly select customer contact issues, assign the sampled issues to reviewers for assessment. The app has taken a task that took hours and reduced to less than 5 minutes.￼• Developed SSIS packages to download data from sharepoint lists into SQL databases, there the data is manipulated as needed and reports are generated.• Developed C# CLR UDF to handle scoring of customer contact issues, developed app to allow the appropriate personnel to change the item scores as needed.• Reviewed Database Project Schemas for SERAXXX Databases • Developed Installer for SERA databases in WIXo Wrote custom actions in C# too read custom settings from XML options fileo validate settings reporting errors as applicable o apply custom settings into databaseso install tools into appropriate locationo display uninstall messageo move the SQL database files to the appropriate locations o read custom settings from XML options fileProduction Support And DevelopmentCutter and Buck thru Volt - Seattle, WA - October 2012 to July 2013Supported Order Processing system in SQL and VB6, trouble shooting order feed issues, developed scripts for dealing with duplicated line items or orders, adding new segment to output IDOC generator so that Po Line number could be incorporated into the SAP input flow.• Generated EDI maps to process 850(PO) and 855(order acknowledgement), including a 'file sniffer' routine so that the mapping programs only processed the EDI files that they were designed to, added in custom segments to the maps to meet customer requirements. Languages used were C# and SQL.• Wrote custom packing slip application using SSRS, C# and SQL. The app provided means for warehouse personnel to input quantity shipped when different from quantity ordered.• Wrote web based app that enabled company sales support staff to change seasonal specialty pricing and payments terms• Wrote web based app enabling company order support staff to generate 855 (amended acknowledgement) for items where the quantity shipped did not match the quantity ordered.• Rewrote company documentation generation apps to increase reliability and stability while improving app flexibility by using HTML formatted text as the base email text with text substitution to customize each outgoing email.Software Development EngineerAlaska National Insurance - Seattle, WA - October 2009 to September 2012Maintained company website in C# and ASP.NET, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript • Wrote assorted tools in C#.• Designed and implemented Rolodex database in SQL 2008• Used SSIS to import/export and transform dataSoftware Development EngineerMicrosoft thru Comsys - Bellevue, WA - October 2008 to September 2009Designed and implemented conversion of external (customer) facing status reports to web based apps in C# and ASP.NET.• Designed and implemented conversion of Budget Requester forms to web based apps using C#, ASP.NET, HTML, CSS and Javascript• Wrote submittal code for feeding files to batch matching engine in C#• Analyzed License Position Auto-Profile generation SSIS packages for accuracy and overall performance• Made appropriate changes to ETL in SSIS packages to handle most common reasons for record rejections• Made changes in SSIS package flows as required to support email error/status step notification • Generate sanity count reports• Added SSIS packages to handle reprocessing rejected records as needed• Conducted studies to determine match accuracy between 2 competing match enginesSoftware Development EngineerMicrosoft thru Volt - Issaquah, WA - May 2006 to September 2009Developed POC for several overmatch subroutines that are currently in use using C#.• Developed and tested T-SQL Scripts for DFE and QFE processing.• Developed unit test for matching subroutines in C#.• Did analysis for Latin America, Indonesia, Malaysia, Spain, Germany and Holland for Primary Address matching and Address Overmatch detection.• Performed analysis of feature extraction and occurrences.• Developed Epiphany log file auto-parser script to parse and compact the logs from the EMMA processing runs.• Developed ASP page to help generate queries used to build the data points that were verified by Data Quality Team.• Developed Extraction Code comparison tool to store and compare different versions of the extraction processing codeSenior System DesignerIntelsys - Garden City, NY - September 2004 to May 2006Responsible for maintenance of current EDI production system in VB6 and T-SQL• Redesign and development of new EDI production system using VB.NET and T-SQL.• Responsible for coordinating between; in-house programming staff, in-house support and QA staff, outside consultants, and customers IT staff.• Designed SQL databases in Microsoft SQL 7 and SQL 2000.• Implemented new tables, stored procedures, triggers and indexes per database design• Met maintenance issue deadlines which measured in minutes• Assisting in-house programming staff in understanding and implementing data-driven design concepts• Used SSIS to import/export and transform data.• Setup IIS for company website to handle in-house portal applicationIT & Marketing ConsultantSquare Tube Logic - Jakarta - August 2002 to July 2004Assisted in designing marketing programs for retail home electronics chain• Wrote product sales and analysis reports using linear and weighted matrix analysis for retail home electronics chain using VB6 and T-SQL• Wrote ASP page for handling reservation processing, reservation collision management, payment processing using VBScript and SQL on the backend, JavaScript, HTML and CSS on the front end making use of CSS behaviours• Wrote application to administer Psychometric and English tests to Au-pair candidates using VB6 and T-SQL • Wrote application to collect Visa Applicant data, submit completed packets to local embassies, schedule applicants for interviews, remind applicants and recruiters of interview date and time, track interview results using VB6, VBA and T-SQL• Wrote web page for furniture factory using HTML, CSS, and Javascript• Wrote bulk email handler and auto answer facility for detection of bounce-back emails, unsubscribe messages, keyword driven response mailings and email history and analysis reports using VB6, VBA and SQL • Point-of-Sales system for retail home electronics chain using VB6 and T-SQL• Setup IIS for the reservation marketing system and the visa application systemEDUCATIONAA. in Computer ScienceHighland Jr Community College - Highland, KS 1980 to 1981ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnical Skills:Programming LanguagesT-SQL, C#, VB.NET, ASP.NET, ASP, Visual Basic 6(VB6), Visual Basic for Applications (VBA), VBScript, JavaScript, Windows Script Host, HTML, CSS, WIX(Windows Installer)ApplicationsAccounts Receivables, Accounts Payables, General Ledger, Inventory Management, Human Resource Management,Vital/Public Records Management, Immunizations Registry, Customer Order Processing, Point Of Sales, Sales History/Projections Analysis, Legal Billing Systems, Time Management Systems, Psychometric Testing,EDI with Altova Mapforce, Printer Drivers, System tools, Reservation Processing, Code GenerationDatabases: SQL 2010-2000, AccessOther Visual Source Safe, Visual Studio.Net, XSLT, XML, HTTP, OOP, Word, Excel, HL7, EDI