Harris Adam Attorney - King and Spalding LLPSugar Land, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Harris-Adam/27a15cb8ace8f66cWORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyKing and Spalding LLP - Houston, TX - June 2014 to PresentPrepare pre-trial materials for supervisory attorneys, in connection with a docket of cases, including oil & gas, regulatory, securities, and health care litigation and governmental and congressional investigations involving financial and auto manufacturing clients.* Assist in production of privilege logs for financial services and industrial manufacturing companies in response to government requests and class actions pending in state and federal courts.* Assist in a corporate contract due diligence project involving client's acquisition of a business unit. * Drafted Joint Development Agreements, Letters of Intent, and Software Licensing AgreementsAssociate Counsel InternGuggenheim Partners, LLC - Chicago, IL - June 2012 to May 2013Drafted contracts and corporate governance documents, including consulting agreements, non-disclosure agreements, corporate minutes and consents, and operating agreements.* Managed creation of business entities and prepared organizational documents and structure diagrams.* Led transition of document management system, including classifying corporate legal documents.Legal ExternRomanucci & Blandin, LLC - Chicago, IL - December 2011 to May 2012Assisted attorneys with pretrial motions, assisted with discovery requests, drafted complaints and conducted research in areas involving insurance, subrogation and other litigation matters.Management ConsultantAccenture - Chicago, IL - April 2005 to June 2010Implemented labor management software to reduce labor costs in customer warehouses.* Developed project plans and status reports, and managed projects to meet scheduled delivery dates. * Analyzed customers' business processes to design solutions to track employees' productivity.* Coordinated software development, testing and delivery with both domestic and offshore teams.* Clients saw significant gains as a result: 25% improvements in productivity were not uncommon.* Negotiated and reviewed contracts for additional projects added to the overall program.* Clients included: Verizon, PepsiCo, Hilton Hotels, Royal Caribbean, and Cargill.EDUCATIONJuris DoctorKent College of Law - Chicago, IL May 2013Bachelor in Business AdministrationEmory University, Goizueta Business School - Atlanta, GA May 2002￼