Helen KimDeputy District Attorney III - San Diego County District Attorney's OfficeSan Clemente, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Helen-Kim/630d825da444a1bfWORK EXPERIENCEDeputy District Attorney IIISan Diego County District Attorney's Office - San Diego, CA - January 2008 to PresentCourt Appearances: Conducted over forty jury trials, five bench trials, and ten juvenile adjudications in San Diego Superior Court. Attend court daily on various motions and hearings. Handle serious and complex cases involving homicides, home invasions, and three-strikes defendants. Periodically argue in front of District Court of Appeal, San Diego Superior Court.• Manage all aspects of a case, including issuing and filing cases, making offers, negotiating and settling cases, drafting and arguing motions, preparing and conducting trials, and arguing sentencing.• Trial experience include interviewing and preparing witnesses, conducting voir dire, picking a jury, delivering opening statements, conducting direct and cross examinations, impeaching witnesses, making and responding to evidentiary objections, introducing evidence, and presenting closing arguments.• Training & Leadership: Supervised legal interns and graduate law clerks. Volunteered in mock trials as a judge.• Legal Research & Writing: Head of Motions in the North County Branch; drafted motions and writs.Law ClerkThe Law Offices of Albert Chang - Gardena, CA - August 2007 to December 2007Drafted motions and pleadings in state and federal civil courts (i.e. Complaints, Demurrers, Motions In Limine, and Motions for Summary Adjudication).• Prepared trial documents, drafted mediation and arbitration briefs, and assisted in witness depositions.• Drafted and reviewed discovery requests and responses.• Researched and drafted memoranda on issues of contract law, real estate and business litigation, medical malpractice, and copyright matters.Los Angeles County District AttorneyLos Angeles, CA - January 2007 to April 2007Santa Monica City AttorneyLiability Division - Santa Monica, CA - August 2006 to December 2006Legal Extern• Drafted court motions, reviewed and managed discovery documents, assisted in trial preparation.• Researched and wrote memoranda on issues of personal injuries on city properties, property damages by city entities, and police misconduct/negligence.Certified Legal InternVentura County District Attorney - Ventura, CA - May 2006 to August 2006Conducted felony preliminary hearings and pretrial motions under the supervision of deputy district attorneys. • Conducted legal research and case analysis; evaluated potential constitutional violations by law enforcement including matters on search and seizure, detention, and Miranda.• Drafted various responses to motions and interviewed victims and witnesses.Judicial Extern￼Los Angeles County Superior Court - Santa Monica, CA - May 2005 to August 2005Conducted legal research, reviewed motions, and performed special projects, including analysis of various sections of the California Civil Code of Procedure and their relevance to limited and unlimited case.EDUCATIONJuris DoctorLoyola Law School - Los Angeles, CA May 2007