Henry Watson IT ProfessionalNorcross, GA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Henry-Watson/801264f487277d9bA highly competent IT professional offering experience and expertise in system procurement, installation, configuration, administration, and testing. Possesses an effective and proven ability and in multi-tasking and working under pressure to accomplish overall objectives. Flexible team player with excellent communication skills and capable of quickly adapting to changing environments.Active Top Secret/SCI Security ClearanceWORK EXPERIENCEComputer ScientistUnited States Air Force - Robins AFB, GA - September 2011 to Present+ Provided system administration support to tasks, such as data backup and restoration, user account creation, data integrity testing, and system startup and shutdown+ Implemented, installed, maintained, modified, and operated computer systems+ Instructed users in the operation and maintenance of systems+ Interacted with technology vendors and internal technical support staff+ Installed new software, applied patches and updates, performed troubleshooting, granted permissions to applications, and trained users+ Served as a front line interface to users with technical issues+ Made recommendations and submitted requests for hardware and software purchases+ Create and manage user accounts and privileges+ Troubleshooted hardware and software issues+ Created and documented system-wide procedures+ Coordinated with OEMs and contractors on installations and software fixesInternU.S. Department of Defense - Robins, GA - August 2008 to August 2011The Science, Mathematics And Research for Transformation (SMART) Scholarship for Service Program has been established by the Department of Defense (DoD) to support undergraduate and graduate students pursuing degrees in Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) disciplines to receive a full scholarship and be gainfully employed upon degree completion. The program aims to increase the number of civilian scientists and engineers working at DoD laboratories.+ Supported the IT team in the maintenance of hardware, software, and other systems. + Troubleshoot issues with equipment like printers, computers, and servers.+ Developed and generated SQL reports from enterprise information systems.+ Assigned as technical lead of a mobile tablet application development.+ Determined technical requirements and tested product before final release.EDUCATIONMaster of Science in Information AssuranceStrayer University - Morrow, GA 2015 to 2017￼Bachelor of Science in Computer ScienceSouthern University and A&M College - Baton Rouge, LA 2007 to 2011SKILLSSystem Administration, Inventory Management, Customer Service, Management, Website Development, Windows, UNIX, Linux, Solaris, Blackberry, Android, Apple, Adobe, Symantec, Oracle, VMware, Virtualization, Active Directory, Group Policy, C++, SQL, Java, HTML, PHP, CSS, Microsoft OfficeAWARDSPerformance AwardMay 2014United States Air ForceCERTIFICATIONSITIL FoundationJanuary 2015 to PresentComptia Security+March 2015 to Present In ProgressADDITIONAL INFORMATIONVOLUNTEER EXPERIENCEEmployee Council RepresentativeUnited States Air Force, Robins AFB, GA+ Actively participated and contributed to employee council organization by presenting employees’ ideas and the employee council’s suggestions to management.+ Redesigned and served as editor for employee newsletter, changed release cycle from quarterly to monthly, and added new information to inform employees of current management implementations.Assistant Traffic CoordinatorNew Hope International, Warner Robins, GA+ Directed and managed vehicular traffic upon entrance and exit of premises.+ Ensured a safe environment for pedestrians.+ Planned and mapped traffic flow diagrams.+ Provided transportation to pedestrians during periods of extreme and inclement weather throughout the year.