Hessam Shakeri Software DeveloperFairfax, VA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Hessam-Shakeri/f11b81cd9a965687WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperDamsun Rayaneh co - 2011 to 2014Responsible for development of a web based Customer Relationship Management System (CRM) which is used by more than 200 companies and 1700 users, written in ASP.NET, C#, SQL Server, JavaScript, Ajax, CSS technologies.• Customized and developed CRM modules based on the users requirements.• Developed and maintained search modules which provide different advanced capabilities such as user defined search criteria, simplified complex search queries, full text search and Ad-hoc search.• Designed and developed Windows Services to generate bulk emails sent to individual and distribution email groups.• Designed and developed Windows Services that sends Fax using a customized fax service written in .NET Framework.• Make connections to SMS Web Services using open API and .NET Framework.• Designed and developed custom .NET components and User Controls using ASP.NET and C#.• Responsible for design and development of front-end web user interface using JQuery, CSS, Javascript, HTML, and Ajax.• Designed and created database tables and worked heavily with relational databases, schemas and entity- relationship diagrams (ERMs).• Wrote complex SQL queries and worked with Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions.• Developed reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and designed web based dashboards using Ajax and ASP.NET technologies.• Troubleshoot and resolved bugs in the CRM application.• Responsible to fix the incompatibility of different web browsers.• Develop Android applications using Java and Eclipse in order to maintain a notification alert system on Android based mobile devices.• Provided support and training to new and existing development team with basic routines such as normal development tasks, bug fixing, and documentations.• Created technical documents and guided on the resolution of common support scenarios handled by the helpdesk staff in order to reduce support time.• Collaborated and worked with Developers, Project Managers, Sales Groups, and Business Developers to produce high quality custom software.Web Developer and Multimedia DesignerFreelanceTehran, Iran - 2008 to 2011Interact directly with business end users to gather requirements documents.• Designed rich client based websites using HTML, JavaScript and CSS.• Developed and maintained websites using DotNetNuke CMS and troubleshoot and resolved errors. • Developed an interior online store using ASP.NET, C# and SQL Server.• Come up with web page contents, interactive media, and multimedia projects.￼• Designed, produced and managed printing production, website design, and video production projects.• Designed cross-browser web user interfaces using ASP.NET, AJAX, CSS, HTML, JQuery, and Flash.• Created, Designed, tested and debug static websites using Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flash, HTML and JavaScript technologies.• Responsible for all aspects of design and development of more than 30 multimedia youth entertainment software used by large amount of users with the scale of 30000+ users.Software Developer and Multimedia ProducerHoma Rasaneh co - 2007 to 2008Handled all phases of production from initial work-flow design and to final design for multimedia software especially for children.• Designed and implemented installations for several products using InstallShield.• Responsible for design and programming of Auto-run menus for variety of software.• Worked closely with authors, editors, proofreaders, production coordinators, and music studios to ensure quality, accuracy, and aesthetic integrity of final product.• Responsible for Technical Support with the customers' products and services.Software DeveloperDorsavaz co - 2005 to 2007Designing and developing multimedia software, combination of .NET and Adobe Flash technology. Taking charge of all aspects of the design process and technical development including: programming, interface design, programing interactivity, usability testing.• Produced about 10 multimedia software that more than 50000 users use these software. these product involve a series of literary subjects, such as poem and biography from famous poets by facilities like search, print, narration and well design interfaces using by Visual Studio.NET 2005, Flash, C#.• Developed a maintenance and timing system for laboratories and workshops in university by using VB.NET 2005, Crystal reports and MS Access.• Designed company website using by HTML, CSS, Dreamweaver, Flash and Photoshop.• Responsible for Technical Support the customers.• Developed and implemented Flash Banners utilizing ActionScript.EDUCATIONB.S in Computer Software Technology EngineeringUniversity of Applied Science and Technology 2009 to 2011A.S in Software SystemUniversity of Applied Science and Technology 2004 to 2007SKILLS• Programming Languages: HTML, XHTML, CSS, ASP.NET, C#.Net, VB.Net, JAVA, C++. • Scripting Languages: JavaScript, ActionScript 3 & 2. • Database Applications: SQL Server, Microsoft Access. • Software Tools: Visual Studio.Net, SQL Server, Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Flash, Eclipse, Office, InstallShield. • Techniques: Object-Oriented Design, Database Design, Structured Programming, Multi-tier Architecture, Source Control, Web Standards. • Operating Systems: Microsoft XP, Microsoft Vista, Windows 7, 8, 2000, 2003, Linux. • IIS, HTML5, CSS3, TFS, JQuery, XML, JSON, Entity Framework, .NET Framework.LINKS http://www.linkedin.com/pub/hessam-shakeri/3a/902/243/￼