Ian Smith Computer Hardware FanaticReidsville, NC - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ian-Smith/dc9a9aea268f0263WORK EXPERIENCEFreelanceComputer Maintenance & Networking - May 2009 to PresentEfficiently convey successful ways to keep computers running at optimal performance to alldemographics, with the ability to network laptops, desktops, and other miscellaneous hardwaretogether on an already existing network. Locations include professional, academia, and residentialnetworks. Showing firm knowledge of Microsoft Office 2003/07/12. Reinstalling and fixing computers within a classroom that attached to an existing network along with reinitializing KVMs within the computers.Computer TechnicianTechRescue - Reidsville, NC - July 2014 to January 2015Main duties of this job included reformatting and repairing computers within a set standardsmaintained by the company, problems that were solved included viruses, hardware, software, and general troubleshooting. Helped supplied knowledge to customers on computer security, such as,phishing, viruses, and general maintenance of their computers. While assisted in networking laptops, desktops, and other hardware on both a residential and business location while managing multipletasks without hassle.FreelanceComputer Maintenance & Networking - 2013 to 2014Was in charge of maintaining relationships between a group of 5 males with arranging practiceschedules and creating an overall strategy for the team members. Responsible for creating synergy within the team and quelling interpersonal issues within the team by effecting demonstrating leadershipskills, along with managing expectations of one another to create further opportunities to bond as ateam.College Writing TutorComputer Maintenance & Networking - 2012 to 2013Assisted seniors and 5th years of the RECHS program with college level essays; helped with stylization, grammar, word usage, attention to thesis argument, and miscellaneous strategic planning for specific professors at Rockingham Community College.Help leadComputer Maintenance & Networking - 2012 to 2013of a 'RECHS Gameathon'raising over 3,000 dollars each year. Responsible for leading the groups that worked on each aspect of the fundraiser event, creating a website design for the live streaming of the events and launching the site with scheduling.Co-Chair Gamers' ClubComputer Maintenance & Networking - 2010 to 2013Carpenter Assistant￼Computer Maintenance & Networking - Greensboro, NC - 2010 to 2013Being the main assistant to MasterCraftsman on the job-sites, he managed. Having a multitude of different projects to aid with, ranging from painting, demolition to renovate, to a complete remodeling ofkitchens. Able to effectively show attention to detail by tiling and building detailed inlays for tile-work.EDUCATIONAssociates of Arts in Computer Information TechnologyRockingham Community College - Wentworth, NC 2015Bachelors in Computer ScienceUniversity of NC at Greensboro August 2013 to August 2014Rockingham Early College High School May 2013SKILLSWindows XP/Vista/7 Knowledge, Customer Service, Windows PC & Networking Troubleshooting, Social Engineering concepts, Microsoft Office, 109 Typing WPMADDITIONAL INFORMATION Professional Skills:• Extensive knowledge of Windows • Effective knowledge of Microsoft XP, Vista, and 7 Office, Excel, PowerPoint• Customer Service • Basic knowledge of Java• Troubleshooting efficiently on • Deploying additional hardware into Windows' PCs and networks existing networks• Having experience in social • Typing words per minute of 109 engineering and thought processes