Igor VatulevWeb Developer - North Star TechnologiesAurora, CO - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Igor-Vatulev/32a86c5d866fadfe To obtain software developer position.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperNorth Star Technologies - Aurora, CO - January 2011 to PresentWebsite development, web hosting:The Vacation Center - providing support to existing sites and making changes based on new requirements. Sun Style Vacations - travel website utilizing custom booking engine based on XML feeds from wholesalers with real time data on flights, hotels and car rental availability. Front end created in Visual Studio 2010 using advantages of ASP.Net, HTML5, CSS, jQuery. Back end uses MS SQL 2008 as database and utilizes customer management, itinerary creation tools, CRM tools;Hot Mammas & Monkeys, Barre Beauty - two company websites providing fitness and activities events based on membership. Front end and back office are based on ASP.Net with HTML5, CSS, jQuery. Back end provided by MS SQL 2008;Nautilus Graphics - providing development and support to multiple websites and on-line stores. Websites are developed using DotNetNuke and Visual Studio and MS SQL 2008;Web hosting provided by company servers running Windows 2008 R2/IIS 7, Windows 2003/IIS 6, Debian with Apache webserver and MySQL databse.• Network installation and administration, system administration:Spectrum Dental Group - installation and configuration of local network. I am responsible for installation, configuration and maintenance of Dentrix software for server, workstations and front desk. I provided synchronization of dental data, digital X-rays and 3D CAT scan images between two offices via VPN;IRN Home Care agency, Berkley Home Health - configuring and maintaining domain network, user accounts, providing access to network printers and scanners.Web DeveloperThe Vacation Center - Denver, CO - May 2006 to June 2010Development and support of Internet Travel Management System using Classic ASP.• Development of consumer sites using ASP.Net 2.0 and XML feed from different vendors.• Development of custom controls.• Developed an online booking engine using XML feed from American Express/Travel Impressions.All projects have MS SQL database on back end. All website using multiple master pages with embedded CSS. Booking engine utilizes Ajax for better presentation.Sales AssociateScandinavian Designs - Denver, CO - July 2001 to May 2006User of internal software system based on Unix.• Strong customer service and problem solving skills.Web Developer / System AdministratorBlock Partners Enterprises, Inc - Aurora, CO - August 2000 to December 2003Development and maintenance of company websites using Java, Visual InterDev 6.0 and Java Script.￼• Development of inventory system for distribution of Kalashnikov hunting rifles. • Provided system administration for Windows based workstations and server.Network AdministratorITS Institute - Denver, CO - January 1998 to June 2000Was responsible for the Custom Network installation, configuration and support. • Provided PC hardware support.Software EngineerMoldova Steel Works - February 1993 to February 1997Involved in design and development of industrial control systems software.• Developed a mathematical model of technological process for metallurgical furnace.• Designed measurement database analysis software, developed database browser for technological reports. Software development involved Watcom SQL and Watcom C programming, using Photon graphical front-end systems on QNX 4.23.EDUCATIONCommunity College of Aurora - Aurora, CO May 2004ITS Institute - Denver, CO March 2000MS in Computer ScienceTiraspol State University June 1995ADDITIONAL INFORMATION HIGHLIGHTS OF QUALIFICATIONS• Programming experience ASP.Net/VB.Net, C/C++, ASP, HTML, Ajax, Java Script, Assembler Language for IBM PC• Extensive experience in relational database design, implementation and maintenance (MS SQL 2008/2005/2000, MySQL, Watcom SQL).• Experience in Windows 8/7/Vista/XP/2000, 2008/2003/2000 server, QNX real time operation system, Linux(Debian), DOS, network installation and configuring hardware devices, network administration.• Team oriented Self-started person.