Ilia Kay, CPA, MBACHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - Chicago Skyway and Indiana Toll Road Concession CompaniesChicago, IL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/1779b610ba64cd92Proactive Financial Executive with operational leadership mindset, recognized as a leader for change, an innovator, and a strong promoter of safety culture.Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCECHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICERChicago Skyway (SCC) and Indiana Toll Road Concession Company (ITRCC) - Chicago, IL - 2013 to PresentManaging all finance related activities for two portfolio companies (Cintra-Macquarie consortium) with combined $6 billion in assets and over $300 million in revenues....... Strategic Partner: Reporting directly to the CEO. Working closely with the sponsors and operational management. Assessing organizational performance against operational targets and budgets. Enhancing business analytics and reporting tools. Presenting financial results to the Board of Directors quarterly....... Accounting, Audit, and Tax: Reorganized finance and accounting departments across two organizations. Reduced the month end close process from 10 to 5 days. Completed full review of accounting policies and procedures. Researched complex financial accounting and reporting standards and delivered presentations to the board and the auditors. Continuously and actively working with external auditorsand tax preparers. Leading SAP ERP improvements....... Treasury and Cash Management: Reviewed and improved existing banking and cash management structures. Ensured full compliance with credit agreements. Improved cash management and forecasting processes....... Capital Markets: Actively involved in entity’s recapitalization, debt, and derivative restructuring. Coordinating between multiple stakeholders, such as legal advisors, financial advisors, insurance providers, shareholders, and lenders.SENIOR DIRECTOR INTERNAL AUDITEvraz North America - Chicago, IL - 2007 to 2013Audit, Compliance and Risk Management executive with Evraz NA (ENA is a subsidiary of Evraz plc., EVR (London Stock Exchange), vertically-integrated, global steel, mining and vanadium business with $2.5 billion in sales and over $5 billion in assets in North America). Responsible for enhancement and protection of organizational value by providing stakeholders with risk based objective and reliable assurance, advice and insight. Responsible for M&A due diligence, post-acquisition integration and internal investigations.• Strategic Partner: Reported to the CEO and the Audit Committee and completed a number of ad hoc projects including Treasury and Cash Management, Risk Management (ERM) implementation, business continuity plan (BCP), organizational structure optimization, cost effectiveness programs and intellectual property (IP) management. Responsible for establishment of the Risk and Ethics Hotline Committees.• Corporate Finance and Accounting: Consulted in finance related areas, including financial reporting, close process, annual audit, budgeting, treasury, project valuation, cash management, capital structure and insurance.￼• Internal Controls: Expert level. Implemented best practices across the organization, including process design, cost management and productivity improvements.CONTROLLERCredence Systems Corporation - Portland, OR - 2006 to 2007CMOS, (NASDAQ), $500 million in sales, global provider of automated testing equipment solutions to semiconductor industry) Full cycle accounting and management of product and service revenue, FP&A, forecasting and deal structuring. Performed monthly close, financial accounting and reporting, subsidiary accounting and consolidation, quarterly audits and SEC filings.AUDIT MANAGERPwC - Charlotte, NC - 2001 to 2006Performed audits of financial statements prepared under US GAAP and IFRS for private and publically traded companies in energy, real estate, manufacturing, and mining industries, Provided valuation and consulting services, Sarbanes-Oxley compliance audits, IPO and capital market transaction support.SENIOR ACCOUNTANTAudit and Tax - Eugene, OR - 1997 to 2001Performed full range of services for middle market clients, including financial statement audits, reviews, compilations, succession planning and tax related services.EDUCATIONExecutive MBA in FinanceUniversity of Oregon 2010 to 2012BS in AccountingUniversity of Oregon 1993 to 1996SKILLS• External Financial Reporting (Private Company and SEC) • Corporate and Investment Finance (Profitability, Cost Analysis, Budgeting and Forecasting) • Treasury and Cash Management Optimization • Tax and Regulatory Compliance • Policy and Personnel Development • Risk Management (ERM) • Contract Negotiations • Internal Controls and SOX Compliance • M&A and Private Equity transactions • Project Management (PMO)