James BarnettNetwork Administrator - Olin CorporationMobile, AL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/James-Barnett/13bc6104c32904c3WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorOlin Corporation - McIntosh, AL - February 2011 to PresentResponsibilities of this role included HelpDesk support, budgeting, project design and implementation, network design and implementation, and technical troubleshooting and assistance.Virtual ServersLearned to use VMWare VSphere to meet virtual server needs. Functions designed and implemented included a DHCP server, load-balanced terminal servers, virtual printservers and custom application specific servers.BudgetingIn this role, maintained and constructed IT budgets of ~$50,000 yearly. The monthly budgets were entered into SAP.NetworkingAs needed, ordered and replaced Cisco switches for production use. Also, created and measured cabling for replacement or implementation in new areas. This included adding new devices to DHCP scopes and existing VLANs that were in the production environment. Devices were managed through the SNMP GUI of SolarWinds, which was also used in this process.Phone SupportTrace down and located pairs of copper cabling to replace bad lines, or troubleshoot lines that were in need of attention. This includes both analog and digital lines.Server AdministrationBuilt and maintained OS infrastructure on server blades both physical and virtual. With this included the installation and support of both custom and existing Windows Server environments. Maintained vendor relationships to renew needed support contracts.Application SupportSupported applications included SAP, Kronos time-input system, Microsoft Office, Windows 7, Windows XP, Hirsch Velocity badge system, Identicard Identipass badging system, eVault backup technologies.End User SupportSupported all end user needs from production operations, including networking, desktop application troubleshooting, and on call support.Network AnalystCPSI - Mobile, AL - August 2008 to September 2011Associate Representative (at CPSI)Responsible for troubleshooting Linux/Unix issues that occurred in our system as well as provide networking support. Also provided extensive windows related troubleshooting.￼Network Analyst (at CPSI)Worked in WAN (Wide Area Networking Department) in order to build and support IPSec VPN tunnels. Other responsibilities include building Cisco routers and firewalls from factory settings and implementing custom access lists for routing and internal/external access.PACS/ImageLink Analyst (at CPSI)Responsibilities include installing/troubleshooting PACS infrastructure supported by CPSI from the implementation of user workstations to the modalities that the server communicates with. Also, maintained networking between vendor and sites by ensuring VPN tunnels were stable and open to select ports for DICOM traffic. Obtained experience in working with IBM tape libraries for full and differential system backups, as well.Information Technology AdministratorComputer Docs, LLC - Robertsdale, AL - September 2006 to July 2008Responsible for maintaining VPN for use and implementation of new and desired technologies such as VOIP, Skype, Sonicwall firewalls, and active directory.EDUCATIONB.S. in Network AdministrationUniversity of South Alabama - Mobile, AL 2002 to 2008DiplomaWP Davidson High School - Mobile, AL 1998 to 2002