James CramerNetwork Administrator - Institute for Child and Family Health, IncMiami, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/James-Cramer/66419d2093769f3fWORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorInstitute for Child and Family Health, Inc - Miami, FL - 2006 to PresentResponsible for 750+ node multi-site network across Miami-Dade County which is spread across 4 satellite offices, 25 health clinics in the public schools, and the main hub located in a secure datacenter.• Facilitated the upgrade of network connectivity between sites utilizing point-to-point Metro Ethernet circuits. • Cabled all network locations with Category 6 Plenum to enable Gigabit network speeds for future growth.• Manages the yearly fiscal budget for all IT related expenses and new project funding.• Developed and maintains IT policies and procedures for the standard operating procedure of all aspects of the network operation and maintenance.• Maintains a mixed 2008R2/2012R2 Active Directory domain and is responsible for all permissions and group policies.• Piloted and implemented Citrix XenDesktop Platinum infrastructure to enable the company to deliver desktop virtualization over the WAN and internally via thin clients.• Installed and configured a NetScaler gateway to allow access to virtual desktops from outside of the network. • Manages 29 site-to-site branch office VPN links to maintain seamless access to the network via the remote locations over the WAN.• Installed, setup, and maintains Exchange Server 2010 environment for corporate email.• Implemented and maintains Cisco Unified Communications and Cisco Unity with unified messaging.• Installed and maintains an enterprise email archiving solution for federal compliance with HIPAA regulations. • Implemented an HA NetApp storage array to keep up with high data demands.• Installed VMWare ESX server to utilize vendor network appliances for endpoint protection.• Responsible for the MS SQL 2000/2008 administration of various database servers.• Participated in the implementation of a fully paperless electronic health records system for the clinical aspect of the agency.• Personally responsible for the execution of the corporate backup plan and ensured that backups were tested quarterly.• Responsible for designing Crystal Reports for enterprise HER practice management application.• Maintains network diagrams and documentation on all core networking equipment.• Facilitated the move of all core infrastructure to be co-located at a secure network operations center.• Responsible for all data center activities including, but not limited to rack mounting equipment and servers, cabling, network configuration and maintenance, and backup tape rotation.• Functions as the company HIPAA security officer to ensure technology standards and controls were maintained and operated within compliance of HIPAA regulations.• Coordinated training workshops for end-users to ensure the users possessed the necessary skills as technology changed.• Participates in the Performance and Quality Improvement committee to ensure the most efficient operations within the company.Network Engineer/AdministratorPRV Electronics, Inc - Miami, FL - 1999 to 2005￼Responsible for network design, engineering, maintenance, and troubleshooting of infrastructure level network environment with Cisco devices and servers providing high-speed business to its worldwide customer base. • Configured Windows 2000/2003 Servers and integrated Active Directory.• Personally responsible for the setup and configuration of LAN and WAN connectivity with Cisco equipment. • Applications supported on the network included: Windows XP, Exchange 2003, Symantec Antivirus, Windows Server 2000/2003, and Veritas BackupExec.• Responsible for troubleshooting any network or desktop issue that arose.• Provided consulting for new hardware and software implementations, as well as, new upgrades and repairs. • Developed a disaster recovery plan that ensured the day-to-day business operations would not be interrupted due to hurricanes in the South Florida region.• Additional duties included, but not limited to general network administration, file and directory design & maintenance, enterprise application support and implementation, network security, network monitoring, and desktop support.EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Information TechnologyWestern Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT 2013 to 2014Associate of Science in Computer Networking SystemsITT Technical Institute - Miami, FL 2001 to 2003SKILLSMicrosoft Certified Information Technology Professional - Windows Server 2008 R2, (MCITP-2008) Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate – Windows Server 2008 R2 (MCSA-2008) Microsoft® Certified Technology Specialist (MCTS) Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer: Security – Windows 2000 (MCSE2000-S) Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator: Security – Windows 2000 (MCSA2000-S) CompTIA A+ Certified Professional (A+) CompTIA Network+ Certified Professional (Network +) CompTIA Security+ Certified Professional (Security+) CompTIA Project+ Certified Professional (Project+)ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Professional Skills• Over 15 yrs. experience in IT consulting, design, integration, implementation, and troubleshooting.• Ability to develop method of procedures and design equipment layouts (logical and physical topologies).• A fast learner. Proven ability to rapidly learn emerging new technologies in an extensive manner.• Excellent analytical skills. Able to absorb large volumes of technical data and develop concise solutions.• Strong project management skills. Able to complete projects and tasks proficiently and in a timely manner. • Excellent communication skills. Able to effectively communicate with non-technical users, technical engineers/developers, third-party vendors, operations, and senior management.Technical SkillsPlatforms supported• Microsoft, Citrix, VMWare, NetApp, Dell, Cisco, VMWare, WatchguardClient Operating Systems• Microsoft Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8/8.1, Wyse ThinOS, Mac OSX Server Operating Systems• Microsoft Windows Server 2000/2003/2008/2008R2/2012/2012R2• XenServer 6.2• Vmware ESX 5.1• Hyper-V 2008/2012Hardware• Cisco 2500 7 2600• Cisco Small Business Switches• Watchguard X500E, Watchguard XTM810 • Cisco ASA Firewall• Cisco UCSEnterprise Applications• Symantec BackupExec• Norton Ghost• Symantec Endpoint Protection• Microsoft Office 2003/2007/2010/2013• Microsoft Exchange 2003/2007/2010• Crystal Reports XI• Citrix XenCenter• VMWare Vsphere 5• Cisco Unified Communications Manager • Cisco Unity