James EarleyHaslett, MI - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/James-Earley/c8f1d8d94a460f4aWORK EXPERIENCEService TechnicianAfter Hours Computer Repair - Duluth, MN - February 2015 to Present Perform in-home computer and networking service on a 1099 contract basis.Director of TechnologyHayden School District - Hayden, CO - April 2006 to August 2014Responsible for implementing and managing the network for the entire school district. Other Technology Department duties included hiring, scheduling, budget and purchasing decisions, engineering and fund-raising for major long term technology projects. Also responsible for technology grant distribution district-wide in annual amounts exceeding one million dollars. Served as Network Administrator, including installation, monitoring and maintaining the networking and voice hardware and software district-wide. Provided leadership, direction, and project management to the technology Department. Additional job duties including but not limited to:• LAN - Managed, maintained and installed Local Area Network connections. • WAN - Managed the Wide Area Network between the district buildings.• Internet - Managed the district internet connection.• WLAN - Managed the district Wireless Local Area Network.• Telecommunications - Managed and maintain the district wide phone system.• Performed construction work in preparing for equipment installation, cabling and other projects.• Maintained and repaired district computers and printers as needed.• Replaced computers annually as needed.• Resolved work requests.• Servers - Managed all aspects of district Windows servers and Active Directory.• Computer Equipment Management - Technical support and maintenance for computers running Windows OS, tablets running various OS, Data Projectors, Printers and other equipment.• Backup Administrator - Maintained routine backups of servers and selected computers.• Security- Managed antivirus, antimalware, Internet filter, and security cameras.• Asset Procurement - Did ordering, budget, budgeting process and spending process to secure adequate resources for instructional computing.• District / Vendor Contract management.Systems SpecialistSteamboat Ski & Resort Corporation - Steamboat Springs, CO - June 2004 to April 2006Configure and support: 200+ PC desktops - 20+ Windows server's - 96 POS's - Cisco routers and switches. Maintain upgrade and repair hardware. Order and deploy replacements and parts. Repair and maintain laser and inkjet printers. Perform software install/configuration.General ManagerDecision One - Lansing, MI - September 1996 to May 2003Started as Bench Tech and promoted to General Manager of repair depot contracted to the State of Michigan offices. Managed 14 technicians. Performed factory authorized repairs for AST, Dell, Compaq, Hewlett- Packard, Gateway, Canon, Zenith and Epson systems. Specialized in laptop repair.￼ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SkillsWindows Networks Active Directory Windows OS'sMS OfficeCisco Hardware- WAP's, Switches Routers, QoSCisco VOIP- Call Manager UnityAdobe CS 5- Photoshop Dreamweaver AcrobatAutoCADMS SQL MySQL OracleIIS Apache PHPPC Repair Laptop Repair Printer RepairDesktop Configuration