Jasmine CookRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jasmine-Cook/28226abc16f74c65Energetic and reliable Retail Sales Associate skilled in high-end merchandise environments.Personable and responsible CashierDedicated Customer Service Representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to company success. in retail and customer service. Solid team player with upbeat, positive attitude.Core StrengthsFast LearnerStrong organizational skills Active listening skills Opening/closing proceduresWORK EXPERIENCECleaner/MaintenanceShining Star - Rochester, N Y - June 2012 to PresentWashed and spot-cleaned furniture, blackboards, mirrors, wastebaskets and garbage cans, office machines and ashtrays.Gathered and emptied trash and recycling bins.Dusted and mopped all hard surfaces.Wet mopped and spot mopped public corridors, washrooms and classrooms. Cleaned public restrooms, including scrubbing sinks, toilets, countertops and mirrors. cashierCashierBarnes & Nobles - Rochester, NY - October 2014 to January 2015ResponsibilitiesMaintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments, returns and exchanges. Maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments, returns and exchanges.Excelled in exceeding daily credit card application goals.Computed accurate sales prices for purchase transactions.Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and cleaning.Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer complaints.Maintained adequate cash supply in cash drawers in multiple checkout stations.Responsible for ringing up customers in a timely manner and guaranteeing high level of customer service. Performed store opening duties, including counting cash drawers and checking all equipment for proper functioning.CashierCashierSear - Rochester, N Y - Rochester, NY - June 2014 to November 2014Rochester, NYMaintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments, returns and exchanges. Maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments, returns and exchanges.￼Excelled in exceeding daily credit card application goals.Computed accurate sales prices for purchase transactions.Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and cleaning.Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer complaints.Maintained adequate cash supply in cash drawers in multiple checkout stations.Responsible for ringing up customers in a timely manner and guaranteeing high level of customer service. Performed store opening duties, including counting cash drawers and checking all equipment for proper functioning.CashierCashier/Customer ServiceSam's Club - July 2012 to September 2012Rochester, N YProcessed an average of 50 transactions each day in a timely manner.Helped customers select products that best fit their personal needs.Opened and closed the store, which included counting cash drawers and making bank deposits. Processed all sales transactions accurately and in a timely fashion.Line Cook/DishwasherDishwasher/Prep CookSimply Crepes - Pittsford, N Y - Pittsford, NY - November 2011 to February 2012Apportioned and served food to facility residents, employees, or patrons.Cleaned and maintained the beverage area, display cases, equipment, and order transaction areaCleaned and prepared various foods for cooking or serving Cleaned up spilled food, drink and broken dishes, and removed empty bottles and trash Managed kitchen operations for high grossing, fast-paced fair concession kitchen.Frequently switched between positions as Cold Food prep, Soup Station Chef and Relief Chef mid shift to support changing needs of large industrial kitchen.Greeted guests and sat them at tables or in waiting areas Prepared a variety of foods according to customers' orders or supervisors' instructions Prepared coffee-based and other beverages on request; serveprepared pastries and other food items.