Jason Schmit AttorneySavage, MN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jason-Schmit/c61db32c755c3ad9WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyJason Schmit Attorney at Law - Elk River, MN - January 2007 to December 2007Areas of focus: Real Estate and Business / Corporate.Real Estate:* Counsel for a commercial developer and its affiliated companies.* Drafted letters of intent, option agreements, and leases.Business / Corporate:* Counsel for a Defense contractor and its affiliated companies.* Negotiated and drafted various contractor agreements, joint venture agreements, corporate governance and organizational documents.Corporate CounselTollefson Development, Inc - Lakeville, MN - July 2006 to January 2007Drafted all legal documents of a development ranging from option agreements to purchase land, development agreements, declarations of covenants, conditions and restrictions (single-family and CICs), easements to leases and purchase and sale agreements.* Developed a timeline of our responsibilities, obligations and deadlines pertaining to a given agreement and oversaw each. Also drafted the corporate governance documents, loan documents and security agreements of Tollefson and its subsidiaries, and the organizational documents of its homeowner's associations.Senior AssociateRichard D. Bunin Law Offices - Saint Louis Park, MN - May 2005 to July 2006December 2007 - Present.Areas of focus: Real Estate, Business / Corporate, and Estate Planning & Probate Administration. Manage on average 30-40 files at any given time.Real Estate:* Drafting and conducting real estate transactions such as contracts for deed, option agreements, construction contracts, purchase and sale agreements (residential & commercial), and leases (residential & commercial). Business / Corporate:* Counsel for many private businesses on all aspects of clients' transactions.* Negotiating and drafting of incorporation documents, buy/sell agreements, shareholder agreements, purchase agreements, joint venture agreements, service agreements, member control agreements, corporate governance documents, employment agreements, confidentiality/non-disclosure agreements, security agreements, and other contract drafting.Estate Planning & Probate Administration:* Drafting wills and trusts (joint, disclaimer, special needs and irrevocable trusts). Charitable planning and gifting. Informal and formal probate administration. Preparation of estate tax and income tax returns.PartnerSkogerboe, Beltz, Frerichs, Ruud & Schmit, PLLC - Blaine, MN - October 2004 to May 2005 Areas of focus: Real Estate, Business / Corporate, and Estate Planning & Probate Administration.￼Real Estate:* Handled various Real Estate transactions such as leases, purchase and sale agreements and easements. Lead counsel for homeowners in a residential construction defect case.Business / Corporate:* Represented small businesses and startups.* Drafted buy/sell agreements and employment agreements.EDUCATIONJ.D. in LawUniversity of St. Thomas - Minneapolis, MN May 2004Corporate FinanceUniversity of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management - Minneapolis, MN March 2003Certificate in ManagementSchool of Kinesiology December 2000