Jeff ShoemakerRoll off/Dump Truck Driver - Riccelli TruckingRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jeff-Shoemaker/28ff4c1222a76d52To continue utilizing my CDL class A driving experience; desire to have a job where my various skills and extensive experience can shine through and to feel like part of a team within an employment setting.WORK EXPERIENCERoll off/Dump Truck DriverRiccelli Trucking - Rochester, NY - September 2013 to Present Drive and operate roll off trucks and dump trucksHighway Maintenance TechnicianMonroe County DOT - April 2013 to September 2013Repair and maintain all county roads, operate equipment including dump trucks, backhoe, bobcat, front end motor, and other construction equipment, haul materials (familiar with gravel, sand, crusher run, asphalt)Route Delivery DriverPepsi - Rochester, NY - February 2010 to April 2012Relief delivery driver in side loader and tractor trailer combination, forklift operation, shipping/receiving, filling orders, manifest loads, product inventory, shagging trailers in and out of bays, staging loads, running the line, material inter-department deliveries.Tacker/WelderBollinger Ship Yards - June 2009 to January 2010Worked in prefab assembly line in steal and aluminum shops. Certified in stick, fluxcore, short arch, and pulsate (aluminum and steal) welding. Read blue prints for fitting ship panels.E&B Natural Resources, Swamper - July 2008 to May 2009Maintained and monitored well production on leases and tank farms in the oil field. Assisted in rigging loads for cranes. Operation of heavy machinery (i.e. backhoes and dump trucks).Premier Truck Driving School - Cedar Hill, TX - 2009 to 20092009Trained on freight liner (10 speed) in lower 48 states OTRCalifornia Coastal Development, Labor HandCoastal, California, US - January 2008 to July 2008Equipment relief operator (i.e. backhoe, mini-x). Specialized in concrete and asphalt demo and construction.Union Asphalt - November 2007 to January 2008Monitor and maintain steady flow of traffic at intersections and roadways under construction. Maintained the safety of drivers.Yard SupervisorAir-vol Block Inc - January 2005 to October 2007￼Maintained and monitored daily activities of yard staff and production schedules. Shipping and receiving, customer service, product rotation, filled orders, load checks, and inventory. Facilitation of staff meetings/ trainings.Leprino Foods, Warehouse - October 1999 to May 2004Forklift operation, shipping/receiving, filling orders, manifest loads, department sanitation, product inventory, shagging trailers in and out of bays, staging loads, ran the line, material inter-department deliveries.EDUCATIONNortheastern Junior College, Police Academy 2004DiplomaBrush High School 1997ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkills: CDL class A driver's license (obtained through training with CR England), mig (fluxcore, short arc, pulse, aluminum and steal) and stick welding, leadership/supervisory experience, basic computer skills, team player, organized in paperwork and maintaining due dates, communication, dedicated work ethic, leadership, flexibility, and patience