Jeffrey PavlovSoftware Developer - City of Alexandria (Randstad)Alexandria, VA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jeffrey-Pavlov/de067034abc2f454Educated and experienced .Net Stack Developer with international experience and full system exposure with an excellent reputation for crossing departmental lines while working in team environments and independentlyWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperCity of Alexandria - July 2014 to PresentDesigned and implemented a solution for City Hall to manage citizen requests and notify them via email when requests are assigned/completed.• Developed data driven site to allow General Services to enter ticket information pertaining to assets that need repair.• Customized Cityworks application to allow flexibility in the UI.Software DeveloperOffice of Personnel Management (RMCI) - April 2013 to July 2014Re-factored and enhanced legacy applications using asp.net, c#, SQL and JQuery.• Designed and development email form to manage drafts, save and communications sent to Work/Life groups. • Gathered requirements, drafted designs and provided programming support using the MVC pattern for Benefits Plus.• Tested software for accessibility compatibility.Junior Software DeveloperModus - September 2012 to April 2013Developed a data driven web application in Asp.Net, C#, to track clients media from the point it was received until it was delivered.• Designed and developed web dashboard to measure Key Performance Indicators to provide upper management with a solid understanding of how much data the operations department is turning around.• Created queues for the Hosting, Forensics, Media Mgt departments of all active requests and tasks. • Composed stored procedures in Sql Server 2008R2 for all applications.Junior Software DeveloperDiscover Ready - March 2012 to May 2012Developed Use Case for new software and document existing software.• Gathered Requirements for new ASP.Net applications that used the MVC pattern.• Designed the logic for an existing report to return information based on the end-user LDAP credentials in C#, Asp.net and MVC 3.0• Created custom server side validation event handlers in C# and integrated them into a third party software called Relativity.• Created WMI in C# as a scheduled console application to automatically run and check the health of all networked servers.Junior Software DeveloperDimensional Control Systems - May 2011 to March 2012￼05/2011-03/2012Specializing in Tolerance Analysis and Quality Solution Software to various industries.Junior Software Developer• Acted as primary liaison between Chrysler and DCS during weekly meeting presenting the progress on our project to upper management.• Gathered requirements for project scope and handled the UI development in C++• Enhanced software per clients request, while making suggestions of my own.• Designed Stored Procedures in SQL Server using T-SQL to enhance database functionality.• Queried database using T-SQL for create reports on outstanding software enhancements.• Worked with Chrysler team to replicate and trouble shoot defects in software.• Ramped up to internal applications with minimal support.• Ensured project milestones and deadlines were met.• Installed, Supported and Documented IIS 7.5 to host ASP.Net applications.• Resolved bugs in customers ASP.Net portal applications.Software Analysis EngineerSpecializing in Powertrain Engineering, Instrumentation and Test Systems - August 2008 to May 2009Supported top level software issues for GM Powertrain Headquarters, tested and released software updates while bridging the gap in communications between the Austrian Business Unit and the North American Unit. • Provided on-site top-level software support to GM Powertrain Test facility for 120 test cells.• Searched for software defects in the Puma system's code (C#) and log files and communicated them back in detailed description to the Austrian Business Unit.• Identified the software defects and drove problem to resolution• Handled the testing, packaging and deployment of software updates in the software development life cycle. • Traveled international to the AVL Headquarters in Graz, Austria in several departments to work with the software developers for three months.• Assist in coordination and prioritization of Customer issues within AVLKnowledge AnalystOnStar - February 2007 to May 2008Provided advisors with the information needed for their day-to-day tasks while composing reports for upper management and ensuring tools are running efficiently.• Developed custom software using VB inside MS Excel to automate extensive daily reports, which allowed the end-users to focus on mission critical tasks.• Composed T-SQL queries to access data and generate reports for upper management• Gather end user requirements for new databases and reporting systems.• Composed Normalized Spec Sheet for database builds.• Built custom databases for the Special Events Team and reporting systems to deliver data.• Support internal application developed by EDS for process changes and trained end users to operate the system.• Provided Quality Assurance and Testing for in-house ASP.Net applications developed by EDS.• Approached bug fixes with a sense of urgency and drove issues to resolution in a timely manner.• Support local intra-net with daily updates using customized Vignette Software (similar to SharePoint) and hard coding pages with HTML, CSS and JavaScript.• Represented Knowledge Management department in organizational meetings.IT SpecialistLEAR Corporation - April 2005 to October 2006Maintained a portion of the company's intra-net while providing support to users and handling day-to-day procurement of hardware and software.• Web design and Maintenance for Lear's intra-net HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Dreamweaver.• Provided technical support to the IT Customer Service Department and Support Services Department.• Top Level Administrator for Webex to corporate employees including setting up accounts, training, troubleshooting and configuration of hardware to interact with telephone system and computer.• Procured hardware / software for Lear Corporate Offices using I-Procure, B-REQ, and AS400. Logging all orders into the HEAT databases for tracking purposes. Also preformed the invoicing and generating reports for executives.• Created independent database to house information pertaining to all approved hardware and software that could be procured by Lear Corporation.Internship, Database Systems AnalystAvanti Systems - October 2004 to January 2005Supported Alta PowerB2O Sequencing and Error proofing applications for Ford manufacturing lines at the plants.• DB2 database creation and maintenance.• Created procedures in order to ensure total maintenance compliancy with databases.• Remote support and troubleshooting of Alta's PowerB2O Sequencing Solution application for Ford Motor Company and Visteon.EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Computer ScienceBaker College - Charter Township of Clinton, MI 2005LINKS http://ASP.Net/AJAXADDITIONAL INFORMATIONMethodologies: Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, Extreme Programming Controls: Telerik ASP.Net/AJAX suite, Obout SuiteSpoken Languages: English, German￼