Jeffrey Simpson /Builder - J.P. ConstructionRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jeffrey-Simpson/e2c7decaeea480d3I have 30 years experience and looking for work as a carpenter.Moved to this area a year ago and looking for some work.WORK EXPERIENCEBuilderJ.P. Construction - Rochester, NY - January 1988 to PresentObjectiveExperienced diversified private contractor wanting to apply knowledge to a position within the project management role of a and operator of J.P. Construction. I have over 30 years experience planning, managing and executing all aspects of building private and commercial structures.● Managing the customer experience from concept to delivery of the keys to the new structure as well as manage any issue that may arise during the process.● Development of project blueprints, estimates and/or original designs for client.● Manage and develop relationships with suppliers to ensure timely delivery of goods and services to ensure deadlines are met and project stays true to the timeline● Supervise, coordinate and manage a team of my workers and sub-contractors through all phases of the project.● Execute and deliver accurate and timely payroll for staff.● Develop and manage relationships with lending institutions for financing approval and maintaining schedules for financial draws for project execution.● Act as the liaison between client and insurance companies to make sure the project is meets all requirements for insurance.● Coordinates acquisition and delivery of permits required from local, county and state building inspectors for final certification of occupancy.● Trouble shoot and diagnosis phases of projects that may encounter setbacks and offer an alternative path to meet deadlines.By managing all aspects of the project, I ensure that the client receives exactly what they requested at the initial meeting. It is imperative that the client understands and accepts each decision at all phases.SkillsExpert knowledge in carpentry - from rough to finishBlueprint development and readingVast knowledge of heating, air conditioning, roofing and masonryProfessional high pressure and coded vessel welder - able to read and develop welding blueprints Metal fabricationResidential and commercial electrical and plumbing￼