Jenny Foster Marketing Professional | MBAChamplin, MN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jenny-Foster/65a64d2a5b35cfe4Passionate marketing brand steward ensuring positive results by creating strong interpersonal relationships, leading cross-functional teams through planning, focusing on details using multi-tasking abilities and anticipating potential barriers to success by developing alternative solutions.• Cross-Functional Team Leadership: Lead large group of cross-functional teams in order toaccomplish goals and objectives on time by creating trust among team and motivating andenergizing team members.• Brand Management: Understand brand champion in order to create marketing executions that align with consumers and their needs. Innovate as consumer needs change.• Project Management: Plan, coordinate and complete projects within tight time frames andbudgets. Able to attend to details while maintaining a view of the big picture.• Budget Management: Analyze actual expenses to identify risks and opportunities in spending in order to hit P&L budget targets.• Relationship Building: Build and maintain relationships with internal and external teams. Use these relationships to help negotiate contracts and create trust with team when leading projects.• Promotions: Create brand promotions based on brand strategy and consumer target.• Technology: Use Microsoft applications (Excel, Word and PowerPoint) on a daily basis. Experience with function-specific tools for budgeting and packaging management.WORK EXPERIENCEWheaties Marketing Promotions CoordinatorGENERAL MILLS - Golden Valley, MN - November 2003 to February 2015Managed packaging projects, built relationships and managed the marketing budget for the Wheaties brand. I was extremely passionate about the brand and the relationships that I managed.• Executed over 120 Wheaties cereal boxes by negotiating over 325 athlete/partner contracts, building strong relationships with athletes' agents and leading the box design process from start to finish.• Led Wheaties Fuel project with athletes/partners to co-create a new Wheaties cereal resulting in the largest non-Cheerios launch since the Pillsbury merger.• Proposed a solution for and led Albert Pujols' box execution from idea to in-market within one week instead of standard sixteen-week timeline.• Hit annual marketing budget targets for Wheaties, Fiber One, Total, Nature Valley and Fruit & Nut by proactively identifying risks and opportunities and analyzing actual spending.• Coordinated Wheaties product placement opportunities for additional brand exposure on shows such as "The Biggest Loser", "Parks and Recreation", "Designing Spaces" and "Keeping Up with the Kardashians".• Served as the historical expert on the brand regarding any questions on the brand's history.Yoplait Marketing Business Unit CoordinatorGENERAL MILLS - Golden Valley, MN - September 2000 to October 2003Managed packaging projects, marketing budgets and ad hoc projects as requested.• Achieved $72 million annual Yoplait marketing budget target through spending analysis and identifying alternative spending options.• Chartered Yoplait Exprèsse regional opportunity by analyzing Nielsen data/forecasts/salesinformation.￼• Led Yoplait Multipack package redesign as well as launched two new skus.• Responsible for short and long-term forecasts for the Yoplait Multipack business.• Led the Yoplait.com redesign resulting in a better brand experience for consumers.Customer Service Operation SpecialistGENERAL MILLS - Golden Valley, MN - March 1999 to August 2000Served as liaison between General Mills' sales representatives, distribution centers and grocery store account buyers.• Resolved order and accounts receivables issues between Albertsons' grocery store accountbuyers, General Mills sales representatives and distribution centers to maintain General Mills'high service rating.• Ensured order accuracy by processing orders for Albertsons' grocery store accounts.EDUCATIONMaster of Business Administration in MarketingCarlson School of Management - Minneapolis, MNBachelor of Arts in Business ManagementSaint Mary's University - Winona, MN