Jeremy Eaton Network Administrator IIMontevallo, AL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jeremy-Eaton/d13eac7a0244164cWORK EXPERIENCENetwork Administrator IIComputer Center (Mercedes) 1 Mercedes Dr - Vance, AL - September 2012 to June 2013Serves as an Information Technology (IT) Specialist in the Network Enterprise Center (NEC), Mercedes. Responsible for development, operation and maintenance (O&M) of Local Area Network (LAN), Campus Area Network (CAN), Wide Area Network (WAN) designs, configurations, installations, and monitoring of a Cisco based Data Center environment. Receives network, diagrams, and related networking operating systems from various sources such as design center and commercial vendors and ensures that an inventory of all network hardware and software is maintained and accredited. Develops and maintains local procedures for networks, system operations, product assembly and installation. Knowledge and Oversees function tests of the hardware/software to resolve technical problems and ensures appropriate on-site repairs. Develops procedures to use local network management tools to ensure expedient restoration of the configurations and operating systems for the respective network equipment. Develops and maintains connectivity to supplier networks ensuring smooth operation and data flow between multiple WANs. Develops training for user support personnel to train office personnel and functional end users on a wide variety of subjects related to use of office automation computers, local and wide area networks. Develops local LAN/CAN/FAN policies and procedures for networks, system operations, and product assembly and installation. Maintains technical proficiency by attending symposia, expositions, and meetings and reviewing current communications and computer literature. Designed the network for the new Mercedes C class model, including six Cisco 6500-E's, set up as Virtual Switching System (VSS) pairs. Daily addition of VLANs, and port-channels to the network. Basic setup experience with Nexus 2k, 5k, and 7k series switches. Identification, maintenance and troubleshot single mode and multimode fiber, spanning a Campus Area Network (CAN). Deployed over 35, 2960 series Cisco switches with additional experience with 1800, 2600, 2800, 3700, and 7200 series routers. Utilization of Smart Console to troubleshoot, and monitor 12 Nokia Firewalls. Knowledge and Experience in using Cisco Wireless Control System (WCS) to configure, and monitor ten wireless controllers, with over 500 access points. Implemented the Corporate Information Systems Management (CISM) ticket system for change, creation, and tracking of tickets. Use of the OSI model to troubleshoot, and diagnose network shortcomings recommending economical, and time efficient solutions. Use "layer 2" technologies to locate MAC addresses, monitor VLANs, and troubleshoot VTP and Spanning tree technologies. Develops proposals involving a variety of specialized systems and state-of-the-art enhancements designed to meet unique local requirements and improve operational efficiency. Works with higher echelon technical support personnel for implementing changes, upgrades and resolving backbone critical problems. Develops complex networking systems. Prepares testing and implementation plans. Establishes test criteria and data for network interoperability to ensure all program modules and outputs for assigned project are tested for completeness and accuracy. Establishes test criteria to ensure network communications interoperability is tested for completeness and accuracy. Oversees evaluation of test results and ensures corrective actions are taken. Develops and executes procedures to periodically monitor the logical/physical integrity of data. Analyzes current test results against system baselines to justify equipment and/or circuit upgrades. Knowledge of the mission, objectives, terminology, and management practices in the using activity to perform a variety of network service and system analysis support duties.Knowledge of network systems design, development, testing and detailed and specific knowledge of the work processes, data models, work rules, file/database designs, and computer operating procedures applicable to the network operation to lead network and related projects involving the planning, design, development of￼computer networks, ensures appropriate hardware and software is utilized within networks, perform testing to insure operability, efficiency, and compliance with network standards. Provision of general guidance, as to scope and priorities of projects in the assigned area. Organizes, and carries out assignments, coordinates work with others, determines the approach and methodology to be used, and keeps-the supervisor apprised of potential problems. Ability to brief the team and other groups/organizations of the task performed and of the outcome and eventual issues encountered along the process. Demonstration of excelling capabilities in the use of external resources. Use of knowledge and judgment, to adapt established methods, to respond to specific issues and to propose new practices to resolve challenging networking problems.1st Decon Team Leader12th Chemical Company - October 2010 to June 2012Provided Confidentiality, Integrity, Availability (CIA) consisting of maintenance and troubleshooting for a 26 computer Local Area Network (LAN), one WAN link using Campus T1 Modems, and a wireless mesh, which provided Morale, Welfare, and Recreation (MWR) for over 4,000 soldiers using three Cisco 1812 series Intergraded Service Routers (ISR). Used SMTP to manage startup, shutdown of LAN computers along with troubleshooting, and preventive maintenance .Managed and evaluated a four person team while supporting the daily operations of 12th Chemical Company. Responsible for the morale, safety, training and personal actions of these soldiers. Implemented workforce and resource management to accomplish complex assignments. Created and edited weekly time sensitive maintenance reports using Microsoft Office's Excel and PowerPoint making all deadlines. Used the base's infrastructure and problem solving to complete complex assignments in the most cost productive manner.Nuclear, Biological, Chemical Non-Commissioned Officer in Charge (NBC NCOIC)US Army South Special Troops Battallion (STB) - San Antonio, TX - March 2009 to February 2010San Antonio, TX 78230 United States 03/2009 - 02/2010 Hours per week: 60Nuclear, Biological, Chemical Non-Commissioned Officer in Charge (NBC NCOIC)Tested, implemented, stored and maintained over 600 pieces of NBC equipment valued at 300 thousand dollars with zero loses. Protected, managed and accounted for over 10 million dollars of routers, switches, servers and satellite communication's equipment with zero loses. Worked with contractor staff with helpdesk operations for over fifty computers, two switches, and over one hundred fifty user accounts Helpdesk operations included the development, installation, system integration, configuration, preventive maintenance, and troubleshooting, end user assistance, and Information Security (IS). Trouble shot network connectivity problems in a MAN, LAN, and WAN environment using TCP/IP and ICMP networking protocols. Responsible for one soldier's morale, safety, training and personal actions. Signed for 19 million dollars of networking equipment and assisted in setup of Non-Classified Internet Router Network (NIPRNET), Secret Internet Protocol Routed Network (SIPRNET) and Combined Enterprise Regional Information Exchange (CENTRIX) networks. Assisted in the management of large scale IT Projects.Battalion Helpdesk Program ManagerNight NCOIC - May 2007 to February 2009Battalion Helpdesk Program Manager;Supported Special Operations Command's (SOCOM) (ALOC) consisting of twenty personal and twenty-five computers including network, file sharing, mapping network drives, and administration of user accounts. Provided network and logistical support for 22 personnel of Task Force Rock, and twenty-five computers in the ALOC. Developed and implemented Information Assurance (IA)/ Information Security (IS) training plan including security applications, such as Norton and McAfee ensuring they were correctly installed and patched. This resulted in a perfect performance record in accordance with Bagram Airfield (BAF) and Army Regulations. Worked as the Transportation Coordinator for 2-503rd upon returning from deployment. Distinguished performance at this position saved the Battalion 40 thousand dollars derived from 100 percentutilization of assets and with no excess expenditures due to late cancellations. Developed policies and trained personnel in the use of the BN's Defense Travel System (DTS) program. Enforced correct use of the system and acted as BN contact and Subject Matter Expert (SME) of the program.Nuclear, Biological, Chemical Non-Commissioned Officer in ChargeFusion Company - April 2006 to April 20072-503rd Vicenza, Vicenza Italy 04/2006 - 04/2007 Hours per week: 60Nuclear, Biological, Chemical Non-Commissioned Officer in ChargeSubject matter expert as the CBRN NCOIC and preformed an additional duty as an Assistant Operations NCO. Used extreme quality control ensuring 150 soldier's Chemical, Biological, Radiological, and Nuclear (CBRN) equipment were mission ready with no defects. Trained company on multiple complex task In Accordance With (IAW) Army regulations with 100 percent success rate. Extreme attention to detail resulted in a 150 thousand dollar sub-hand receipt with 100 percent accountability. Completed the Technical Escort Course with an overall average of 92%.Nuclear, Biological, Chemical Non-Commissioned Officer in ChargeAlpha Company - December 2004 to April 2006173rd ABCT Vicenza, Vicenza Italy 12/2004 - 04/2006 Hours per week: 80Nuclear, Biological, Chemical Non-Commissioned Officer in ChargePerformed duties as the Chemical, Biological, and Radiological, and Nuclear NCOIC. Assigned and maintained equipment in excess of 150 thousand dollars. Deployed to Kandahar, Afghanistan and assigned Mobile Vehicle and Cargo Inspection System (MVACIS) valued in excess of three million dollars. While assigned this duty, with limited resources and personnel, inspected the contents of over 30 thousand trucks during a ten month period. Knowing the importance on the mission of protecting Kandahar Airfield's personnel containing multiple allied forces, took the mission as a personal responsibility to ensure the MVACIS remained 100 percent operational. Increased the morale of all 173rd Airborne Brigade Combat Team (ABCT) personnel by sorting ten thousand pounds of mail during the holiday season. Received a Certificate of Appreciation and a flag by the Texas National Guard. Also helped assist multiple government agencies in conducting classified Military Occupational Specialty (MOS) operations, and responded to possible dirty bomb threats displaying both technical and tactical expertise, commitment to duty, and personal courage. With his experience he trained three company's CBRN NCOs, ensuring the 173rd STB remained combat effective.Nuclear, Biological, Chemical Non-Commissioned Officer in ChargeSETAF - February 2002 to December 2004Vicenza, Vicenza Italy 02/2002 - 12/2004 Hours per week: 80Nuclear, Biological, Chemical Non-Commissioned Officer in ChargeServed multiple overseas assignments in Vicenza, Italy from February 2002 until February 2004 in positions of increased responsibility culminating as Southern European Task Force's (SETAF) Hazmat Shipment Certifying Official. Served as the NBC NCOIC in SETAF from February 2002 until February 2004 where placed in a Sergeant's role despite only having the rank of a Private. Ensured over three hundred pieces of equipment valued in excess of 300 thousand dollars was accounted for, combat ready, and assigned to the correct individuals and sections using the Modified Table of Organization & Equipment (MTOE). In addition to the responsibility assumed well above that of an ordinary Private, assisted the unit as the Assistant Operations NCO with minimum supervision. As the certifying official while assigned to SETAF utilized the HAZ-12 certification to ship all the Hazardous Materials (HAZMAT) required for the 173rd's 2003 combat jump into Kirkuk, Iraq. Concurrently supporting the hazmat requirements for SETAF's 2003 JTF Liberia. Ensured over 2200 personnel, from Privates to Major General, were current in CBRN protection and training. Ensured all deployed personnel's lifesaving equipment was fully operational. Attended multiple boards for professional development, resulting in becoming the Caserma Ederle's post Soldier of the Year runner up.EDUCATIONCertificateHerzing College Birmingham - Birmingham, AL April 2013Central Texas College Killeen - Killeen, TX