Jerel NavarreteWeb Developer - Snider Software LLC- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jerel-Navarrete/fb654d8b3c0908abI am a project manager and web developer who is driven to create and ship products. My background combines years of managing teams and projects with the technical knowledge it takes to work with a development team. I am detail oriented, resourceful, team oriented, hardworking, a fast learner, and an excellent written and verbal communicator.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperSnider Software LLC - Seattle, WA - 2014 to PresentDeveloping a web app to work with an existing SQL Server database.● Learning Swift iOS development to create mobile apps. Mars Hill Church - 2014 to 2014to createuser stories and test that drove our development. Technologies used: Ruby, Rails, HTML5, CSS3, MiniTest, ActionMailer.Mars Hill Church - 2014 to 2014for law firms that allows users to create cases, contacts, and appointments. Theexisting codebase was in poor shape, so I logged the technical debt, upgraded the testing suite, and improved the readme. Technologies used: Ruby, Rails API, jQuery, JavaScript, capybara.TECHNICAL SKILLS● Ruby on Rails ● JavaScript ● Database Development ● HTML5/CSS3 ● jQuery ● Git Workflow● TDD/BDD ● Agile Workflow ● RESTful APIOperations ManagerMars Hill Church - Seattle, WA - 2010 to 2014Successfully ran a multi-site graduate-level training program with over 100 students.● Managed the Leadership Development team budget of approximately $230,000 and reduced operating expenses by $18,000.● Created a white paper to evaluate the possibility of a partnership between the church and a local university to establish a program in Seattle.● Worked with executives and across teams to develop, improve, and coordinate leadership development processes that were implemented at 15 churches.● Led multiple teams of interns and volunteers to run events, coordinate different operational aspects of the church, and complete various other projects.PROJECTS￼EDUCATIONB.S. in MicrobiologyUniversity of Washington - Seattle, WA 2006 to 2008