Jiabei XuMS in Computer Engineering - The Ohio State UniversityColumbus, OH - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jiabei-Xu/c0af07ccded6caceComputer Science internship or coop opportunity applying skills and experience in mobile app dev, embedded system, and website coding.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperThe Ohio State University - Columbus, OH - September 2014 to PresentHelped a professor from East Asia Study Dept. to migrate blog data. • Designed a new layout for the website using responsive design.Software R&D InternHuawei Technologies - Wuhan, CN - July 2013 to March 2014Wuhan, China• Simulated 512 concurrent Wi-Fi stations connect & disconnect process of a single AP on x86 Linux platform.• Designed multi-station encryption and decryption module.• Tested software performance and network throughput capacity.EDUCATIONBachelor of Electrical EngineeringHubei University of Technology - Wuhan, CN September 2010 to July 2014Master of Computer EngineeringThe Ohio State University - Columbus, OHSKILLSC, Java(Android), C++, CSS, PHP, C#, Shell, VHDL, JavaScript, MySQL, Assembly, Mat- lab/Simulink, BootStrap, Google App Engine, NDB, LATEX, Python, RLINKShttp://github.com/xjbhenry http://www.linkedin.com/in/xjbhenry/enADDITIONAL INFORMATIONPROJECTSChallengeMe (Android)1. Coded an Android app that can be used to post new challenges (like ice bucket￼￼￼challenge) or accept challenges requested from friends.2. Used an online server to implement database and media le storage.Business Card Sharing App (Android)1. Designed an app for people to meet new friend in the party and conference who share the same interest with.2. Coded the Android client, use Endpoint library to communicate with server.3. Built a server on Google App Engine by using Python, use NDB for data storage.Eatinery (Web & Android)1. Designed a website to help OSU students to make quick decision on their choiceof lunch.2. Coded the entire website with responsive design all by myself. (using HTML5+CSS, PHP, JavaScript/jQuery, MySQL).3. Android app will be made by using PhoneGap.