Joe StultzSeasoned complex commercial litigation attorney that brings Fortune 500 finance and treasury department experience to business disputes.Sandy, UT - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joe-Stultz/16d75a0dee48813eSeasoned complex commercial litigation attorney that brings Fortune 500 finance and treasury department experience to business disputes. Proven skills in drafting and arguing legal pleadings for all phases of litigation, from complaints to appellate briefings, in state and federal court. Extensive experience in a wide range of commercial disputes.WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyParsons Behle & Latimer - Salt Lake City, UT - 2006 to Present• Admitted to Utah State and Federal Bar. Admission to the Texas Bar is a mere formality for me under Rule XIII of the Rules Governing Admission to the Bar of Texas.• Drafted successful injunction motion that prevented client’s competitor from using key supplier information in breach of contract and misappropriation of trade secrets case.o Drafted discovery requests and located key information in documents provided by opposition that directly led to the injunction against a client’s competitor.o My financial and spreadsheet skills were crucial in me finding and presenting to the Court the proof that our client’s proprietary information was misappropriated.o Drafted motion opposing lack of personal jurisdictional and argued motion to Judge.• Successfully dismissed more than half of the claims brought by former partners against the one successful business that emerged from a business incubator.o Motion required in-depth research into many causes of action, including breach of contract (and the adoption or imputation of a promotor’s contract to a corporation), statute of limitation issues, breach of fiduciary duty, and LLC dissolution law.o Drafted and responded to requests for discovery, successfully managed client’s voluminous documents through an outside vendor, and managed discovery disputes.o My business background has been useful in framing business and valuation issues.• Crafted a trial strategy, drafted an opening and closing, performed direct and cross examination of witnesses, and achieved favorable jury verdict in trucking collision case.o This personal injury case has made me better able to manage and frame my complex commercial litigation cases from discovery through to settlement or trial.• Drafted pre-trial motions and jury instructions, worked on important parts of the post-trial motions, and also assisted with appellate briefing for electric utility in a “bet-the-company” case where dairies are suing for alleged damages caused by stray current.• Successfully defended large client-company against slip-and-fall claim from contractor. Case was complicated by workers’ compensation law, jurisdictional issues, and indemnification provisions in purchase agreement and lease agreement.￼• Extensive experience in taking and defending depositions and arguing a variety of motions, including multiple motions to dismiss, in state court.• Awards/Publications: Mountain States Super Lawyers and Rising Stars: 2013 & 2014; The Governmental Immunity Act of Utah & the Utah Constitution’s Open Courts Clause, Utah Trial Journal (May 10, 2013); A Primer to the New Utah Rules of Civil Procedure, Utah Bar Journal (Nov. 2011).Chief Financial OfficerPegasus News - Dallas, TX - 2004 to 2005Created financial model for business plan that led to initial funding for media start-up.Principal, Corporate Finance and TreasurySabre Holdings Corporation - Dallas, TX - 2001 to 2004Raised hundreds of millions of dollars through capital lease, equity, and debt issuances.Manager, Financial Planning and AnalysisSabre Holdings Corporation - Dallas, TX - 1999 to 2001Managed a staff of five analysts responsible for close, forecast, budgeting, and ad hoc analysis for four Senior VPs with a total of 3,500 employees ($400M annual budget).Analyst, Senior Analyst, Principal in various Finance groupsSabre Holdings Corporation - Dallas, TX - 1996 to 1999Performed various ad hoc financial analyses, including internal business valuations.Associate, Public FinanceRauscher Pierce Refsnes, Inc - Dallas, TX - 1994 to 1996Coordinated 25 bond deals worth $250M for various governmental entities.EDUCATIONJuris DoctorUniversity of Utah S.J. Quinney College of Law - Salt Lake City, UT 2008MBA in FinanceThe University of Texas at Austin - Austin, TX August 1994Bachelor of Arts in Political Science and EconomicsTrinity University - San Antonio, TX May 1991Year Abroad Study in Economics and Political ScienceLondon School of Economic and Political Science - London 1989 to 1990