Joel DunnSoftware Developer - Monitronics InternationalFort Worth, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joel-Dunn/2bf574144566023fWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperMonitronics International - November 2014 to PresentWorking with the business and other developers to implement systems required for streamlining of the company's resources and customer interaction.• Current projects range from system monitoring applications to customer autodraft payments and account information.• Using C#, MVC, MSSQL, console apps, WFC services, etc.Software Developer - ContractTSIT Geotechnical Engineering - August 2014 to October 2014Designed and implemented a web based application to handle day-to-day business needs such as tracking jobs, reports, clients, employees, and invoices.• Using C#, MVC, Razor, jQuery, ajax, EntityFramework, and Microsoft SQL Server.Software Developer - ContractCornerstone Healthcare Group - January 2014 to August 2014Working with other software developers and DBAs to create web based applications that track company expenses and protect the company from lawsuits.• Designed and implemented a capital expenditure request and tracking app using C#, MVC 4.0, Razor, jQuery, the .NET framework, etc. which allows the company's buyers to keep upper management aware of expenditures and approve or deny such expenditures.• Designed and implemented an Antibiotics Stewardship app which allows hospital pharmacists to track antibiotics distribution by patient, dosage, time, etc., throughout the entire company's collection of hospitals. • Designed and implemented a web based application, using similar technologies as the aforementioned capital expenditure request app, used by 19 long-term acute care hospitals around the U.S. This app allows floor staff, nurses, and hospital management to enter and store medical incidents/accidents in detail in order to record incidents and protect the company from litigation and lawsuits.Software DeveloperInnovate Loan Servicing, Inc - October 2012 to December 2013Worked daily with company CIO and other developers and DBAs, designing and implementing systems and software which made the company's processes more streamlined and made the company more profitable overall.• Designed and implemented Innovate's Auto-Draft systems (ACH and Credit/Debit Cards) using C#, WCF, and SQL databases and WinForms and stored procedures interfacing with The EFT Network for ACH payments and USAePay and their SOAP interface for Credit/Debit Cards.• Overhauled regular, one-time payment processing systems using C#, WCF, and SQL databases and WinForms for Debit/Credit Card payments also interfacing with systems listed above. These systems implement the MVC software architecture pattern on Innovate's side.￼• Designed and implemented loan pool acquisition systems that compile and sort customer data into XML and imports the XML into Innovate's Nortridge Loan Management system via Nortridge's ASMX web service. C#, WCF (streaming serialized objects over HTTP), and SQL• Designed and implemented automated loan write-off process which interfaced with Nortridge Loan Management System to write-off loans for various business reasons; WinForms, C#, SQL, etc.• Implemented new functionalities to Innovate's VOIP Interactive Voice Recognition (IVR) using VBScript, SOAP/WCF, and SQL databases and stored procedures.• Designed Innovate's Seller website which features a file sharing interface that I coded from scratch using Visual Studio without external interfaces or DLLs.• Designed Innovate's Customer payment website.• Worked frequently writing VBScripts to be used in Nortridge by its event handlers as well as writing scripts that interface with Zeacom's phone tracking and information software.• General systems and software management and maintenance.InternBeep-a-Geek Computer Services - Arlington, TX - January 2011 to September 2012 Junior Software Developer, Beep-a-Geek Computer Services• Creating software applications, as needed, to perform various tasks. Using C#, .NET, SQL, WinForms • Software supportUndergraduate Research AssistantUTA - Arlington, TX - April 2011 to January 2012Editing databases of American Sign Language videos used in the research of computer vision and machine learning. MATLABProgramming and Web Design, WebmasterSelf-Employed - North Richland Hills, TX - June 2008 to October 2009Managed customers websites, domain names, email accounts• Web design and maintenance, HTML, C#.NET, Java, Perl, AJAX, ASP.NETHead of Hosting and DesignBeep-a-Geek Computer Services - Euless, TX - April 2003 to July 2007Designed websites and web-based software using ASP, HTML, Perl, Macromedia Dreamweaver and Fireworks, MS FrontPage, etc.• Managed hosting, server setup, DNS, sales, and billing for customer accounts.EDUCATIONSoftware Engineering ProgramUniversity of Texas at Arlington - Arlington, TX August 2010 to October 2012Tarrant County College - Fort Worth, TX January 2010 to August 2010ADDITIONAL INFORMATION• Mid-level software developer with over 8 years of experience.• Familiar with multiple programming and scripting languages. • Excellent with end users and team members.• Management experience with junior developers• Willing and eager to learn.C# MSSQL WCFC++ IIS 6 & 7 Stored ProceduresVBScript .NET Framework 3.0 - 4.5 MVC 3.0, 4.0SOAP ASMX PerlVisual Studio 2010 - 2013 SQL Server Mgmt Studio Nortridge LMS VOIP (Zeacom) XML AJAXHTML ASP.NET PythonWinForms Console Apps RESTjQuery RazorSKILLS• C#, C++, SQL/Stored Procedures, VBScript, .NET Framework (3.0, 3.5, 4.0, 4.5), WCF, ASMX, SOAP, MVC design pattern, MS MVC 3.0 and 4.0, WinForms, IIS 6 & 7, Visual Studio 2010 & 2012, SQL Server Management Studio, Nortridge Loan Management System, Zeacom, VOIP, XML, ASP.NET, AJAX, HTML, etc.• Experience with a multitude of programming languages, architectures, design techniques and concepts including C#, C++, C, SQL, Java, VBScript, Python, Perl and light MATLAB. Microsoft's .NET Framework, AJAX, XML, WCF, etc.• Worked with DNS and Unix Web Servers at Beep-a-Geek• Personable and flexible in team environment RELAVENT COURSE WORK• Intro to Programming, Tarrant County College• Intro to Engineering, University of Texas at Arlington• C Programming, University of Texas at Arlington• Object Oriented Programming in Java, University of Texas at Arlington • Computer Organization (Assembly Language), UTA• Discrete Structures, UTA• Linear Algebra, UTAPROJECTS• Current - Android Mobile App and addition/update to WinForms app for Beep-a-Geek Computer Services. • Automated Email Attachment Download Software in C# - Beep-a-Geek Computer Services• Webpage Downloader Software in C# - Beep-a-Geek Computer Services• Credit Card Processing Software in Perl - Beep-a-Geek Computer Services• Travel Reservations Software in C - C Programming, UTA• Investment Brokerage Software in Java - Object Oriented Programming, UTA