John TyceSoftware developer - Oil & Gas Asset Clearing HouseSpring, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/John-Tyce/06fcad84064e7412I am a seasoned solutions architect, software developer, and business analyst with over 13 years experience leading, designing, and implementing successful .NET development & business intelligence projects through the complete systems development life cycle. I have a background in the managed care, and Oil & Gas industries as well as 9 years of advanced education spanning Technology, Business, and Biological and Physical Sciences. I enjoy facing dynamic technological challenges that allow me to apply both my analytical skills and creativity. If you don't see a specific application, design pattern, or framework on my resume, fear not. I thrive on tackling new challenges and have a knack for quickly learning new technologies.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware developerOil & Gas Asset Clearing House - Houston, TX - December 2014 to PresentDevelopment of a web application for uploading and editing property datasheets in preparation for auction.* C#, MVC 5, HTML 5, Jquery, Java Script, Ajax, T-SQL, Triggers, Stored Procedures, SSRS, SQL Server 2012, Visual Studio 2013, Team Foundation ServerApplication ArchitectEnergy Solution International - Houston, TX - August 2014 to October 2014Implementation and integration of commercial pipeline software into various client environments.* Program custom extensions for the integration of commercial pipeline software with existing business processes.* Program interfaces for the integration of commercial pipeline software with existing custom and commercial software applications and data stores* C#, MVC, JQuery, T-SQL, NANT, Subversion, SQL Server 2008-2012, Visual Studio 2008-2012Software DeveloperSouthwestern Energy - Houston, TX - February 2014 to July 2014Currently assigned to Southwestern Energy developing a Windows application for capturing and reporting on Frac Job data.* C#, Winforms, SSRS, Multithreading, MS Synch Framework, SQL Server 2012, SQL Express 2012, Telerik Control SuiteSoftware Development ManagerEmpactIT - Houston, TX - April 2013 to March 2014Management of a software development team focusing on web development and analytics projects for small and medium sized businesses.* Architecture & development of a C# ASP.NET 4.0 (webforms) application for creating and tracking mineral rights purchase campaigns* Architecture & development of an ETL application for loading data from inconsistent Access databases to SQL Server 2012* Development of Crystal Reports and configuration of BI Workspaces in SAP BI Launchpad* Technical management & architecture of various database projects involving database design, stored procedures, SQL jobs, SSIS, and reporting.￼* Technical management and architecture of a database consolidation project, migrating and consolidating Access databases into a central SQL Server 2012 database using SSIS, T-SQL stored procedures, DB Links, and C#.* Worked closely with the Director of Analytics and Development gathering requirements, estimating project timelines, and writing SOWs for various clients.* Technical management of reporting projects using SSRS & Crystal Reports* Technical management of web application development projects using ASP.NET 4.0, JQuery, Java script, CSS, and JSONLead Software Solutions ArchitectChristus HEALTH (USFHP) - Houston, TX - February 2010 to April 2013Lead developer and architect responsible for business analysis, architecture, and development of software solutions, data migration, and reporting projects. Requirements gathering and analysis of business needs from business users at all levels. Direction and delegation of work activities to contract developers.* Business analysis, architecture, and development of ASP.NET web application for provider relations for data entry and SSRS reporting* Business analysis, architecture, and developed of data conversion processes utilizing SSIS, C#, and T-SQL to convert data from legacy applications into a new custom claims management system.* Coordinated with business staff to gather requirements, prioritize feature implementation, and re-engineer business processes for increased efficiency and productivity.* Designed and developed relational database models for in house custom applications.* Developed enterprise applications utilizing C# 4.0 and Windows Forms Development* Custom ETL applications using WCF Windows Services* Developed Crystal reports and SSRS reports to support business processes and advanced analytics * Heavy development of T-SQL stored procedures in SQL Server 2008Environment: Heavy Business Analysis, C# 2.0-4.0, XML, T-SQL, Winforms, ASP.NET (Webforms), IIS 6.0, ADO.NET, SQL Server 2008, SQL Express, Stored Procedures, SQL Server Jobs, Database Schema Development, Visual Studio 2005/2008/2010, Microsoft Business Intelligence (SSIS, SSRS) 2008, Crystal Reports, Windows Services, TFS 2010, Web Services, Windows Services, .NET Framework 2.0-4.0, Automate 9.0, Infragisitcs, Dev ExpressSenior Information AnalystTransocean Deepwater Drilling - Houston, TX - October 2008 to February 2010Worked for major drilling company in support of proprietary rig maintenance applications. My role involved leading the business analysis, architecture, development, and definition of business processes and best practices for moving legacy applications into new .NET and SQL Server technologies.* Business analysis, design, development, and deploymnt an ASP.Net, C#, Oracle reporting application that allowed for viewing and exporting of training statistics, custom defined reports, and critical business metrics * Leadership & business analysis of a major data conversion effort to support a corporate merger leading to the successful integration of diverse business workflows* Business Analysis and implementation of a rig maintenance training solution utilizing Symantec Ghost and Windows Automated Installation Kit to create a fully automated disk imaging system resulting in a significant reduction man-hours require for classroom setup.Environment: Business Analysis, C#, Winforms, ASP.NET (Webforms), JavaScript, AJAX, ADO.NET, Visual Studio 2005/2008, Visual Studio 6, VB6, Oracle, T-SQL, PL-SQL, Stored Procedures, Data Migration, SQL Server 2005, Crystal Reports, IIS 6.0, Windows Services, TFS 2008, Web Services, .NET Framework 2.0/3.0, InfragisitcsSenior System SpecialistEPCO Inc - Houston, TX - September 2006 to October 2008Responsible for ensuring that application development adhered to Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) compliance standards, application support, and license management of several enterprise applications.* Business analysis and design of an ASP.Net, C# application for registering Right of Way (ROW) checks to ensure the land department was compliant with Sarbanes Oxley standards* Business analysis, designed, developed, and support of a mobile web application written in C#, and ASP.Net for Blackberry devices, allowing Land ROW Field Agents to interact with office management via web services. * Full systems development life cycle involvement (business analysis, architecture, testing, production deployment, and training)* Responsible for production application support for several mission critical applications requiring a high level of guaranteed uptime, including ArcGIS and SSRS.Environment: Heavy Business Analysis, C# 2.0, Winforms, ASP.NET 2.0, IIS 6.0, Web Services, JavaScript, AJAX, ADO.NET , T-SQL, PL-SQL, SQL Server 2005, Oracle 9, TOAD, Stored Procedures, Database Schema Development, , Visual Studio 2005/2008, Microsoft Business Intelligence (SSRS) 2005, VSS 2005, .NET Framework 2.0, Infragisitcs, Server Administration, Arc GIS, License Server ManagementEngineering Information System AnalystChevron - Houston, TX - June 2001 to September 2006I held several position of increasing responsibility over 5 years ranging from desktop support, server administration, application support, and software development.* Created HTML Website for the Drilling Training Alliance KIOSK display using FrontPage and Notepad* Responsible for Chevron upstream business unit I.M. analysis with a focus on reservoir management, production history, and drilling & completions engineering data processes* Designed and developed several Win Forms applications using C#, Oracle, SQL, and VB.Net* Responsible for the complete SDLC, application support, maintenance, and feature enhancements* License management and application support for Landmark drilling engineering applications for the drilling and completions departments.* Development of custom drilling information system for Windows* Migration of data through custom ETL processes for custom drilling information system to WellView.Environment: C++ (MFC), C#, VB.NET, Visual Studio 6, 2003, 2005, .NET Framework 1.0-2.0, PL-SQL, ETL, Oracle, Adobe Form Designer, Oracle Forms, Windows NT 4.0, Windows 2000 Server, Windows XP, Norton Ghost, VB Script, FrontPage, Network Administration, Server Administration, SharePoint Team Servicestechnical Skills detailI.T. Management, Business Analysis, Software Architecture, Business Intelligence, C#, VB.Net, MVC, Webforms, Winforms, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS, ADO.Net, Visual Studio, Team Foundation Server, Subversion, Automate, SSIS, SSRS, Crystal Reports, T-SQL, PL-SQL, SQL Server, IIS, and any technology you need me to learn quickly.ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Technical Skills Summary• I.T. Management • Business analysis• Windows services• Web services• Software architecture• SYSTEMS ANALYSIS• SQL Server• RELATIONAL DATABASE DESIGN • ASP.NET WEBFORMS• MVC, JQUERY, razor• Integrartion Architecture knowledge • Winforms• Business Intelligence• C#,ado.net,java script, xml, css