John Sinclair Marketing RepresentativeSummerville, SC - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/John-Sinclair/576918c3ac33404dWORK EXPERIENCEMarketing RepresentativeCPS - 2013 to 2014B2B financial sales• #1 in new company activations• Consumer Finance in Sub-prime automotive market, managing extensive territory.• Instrumental in marketing efforts to increase dealer business such as mailers and BK lead generators.• Oversaw funding of sub-prime finance contracts from multiple sources.• Developed strong internal relationships to increase the funding volume of new dealers while retaining existing dealers.Sales EngineerEcolab/Nalco - 2011 to 2013Generated and executed sales plans and strategies to close major, competitively-held accounts.• Worked closely with large, strategic current and prospective customers to understand business needs and recommended continuous improvement and innovation plans that maintained and grew sales within assigned territory.• Developed strong relationships with key stakeholders in current and prospective customers, including plant or facility executives.• Provided technical support to customers; identified and resolved customer challenges, escalating as required.• Engaged in problem solving by performing system analysis, interpreting data and provided written recommendations to ensure customer operations performed at optimal levels.• Actively sold and supported Nalco innovations and technology in assigned customers to promote long- term business relationships with Nalco, particularly capital projects and RO/membrane, boiler pre-filtration technologies.• Demonstrated strong team leadership by supporting the training of other District Reps, championing corporate initiatives, and by planning and leading portions of District Meetings - Safety Champion• Demonstrated the ability to stabilize jeopardy business in large, strategic accounts.Nuclear OfficerUS Navy - 2009 to 2011Led and managed with honor and diligence in several offices to maintain the operations and mission-readiness of several commands.• Managed over 100 highly-skilled technicians in a fast-paced, engineering, and complex environment.• Trained to handle many labor hours while managing others to excel in fast-paced scenarios and drills.• Enhanced ability to problem solve and define root issues in various commands. • Supervised water-treatment operations and RO/desalination operations.Finance/Sales DirectorAutomotive Management - 2002 to 2009Expertise leading a high performing commission sales team or related paid for performance team.￼• Built and designed a business from the ground up. Monitored all aspects of sales and service, advertising, vehicle acquisition from auctions and other sources. Managed team for web sales integration with various information technology systems.• Managed and maintained sales staff to meet monthly sales goals. Reported daily sales tracking to CFO and other senior managers. Oversaw funding of vehicle loan contracts. Marketed dealership in print and broadcast media in collaboration with General Manager. Maintained compliance to highest standards and deliver exceptional customer service.• Directed compliance procedures including checklist, menus and other proper disclosures. Monitored all contracts and managed two finance producers. Trained salespeople, finance managers, and sales managers. Assisted in sales closings.• Structured contracts and financing for customers submitting contracts to lenders for approval.• Negotiated sales and closed deals as a consistent performer with high volume and profitability.• Used Car Dealership ownership, web integration, auction access, and knowledge of vehicle refurbishment.Software/Sales Engineer, Penn- 1998 to 2002Technology Tested and supported existing systems based on evolving customer requirements and in response to system defects.• Analyzed and selected application software/systems for use in the organization as well as architecting/ designing software and systems.• Assisted in the selection, installation, and maintenance of network hardware and software as well as the management and integrity of existing database applications/systems.• Interfaced with both internal and external customers in the requirements definition and implementation of the systems developed.image1.jpegImage Format: JPEG Image Height: 200 Image Width: 200image2.gif[GIF Image]image3.png[PNG Image]image4.jpegImage Format: JPEG Image Height: 112 Image Width: 229EDUCATIONMBA in MarketingAmerican Military UniversityBS in Engineering/MathUniversity of PennsylvaniaLINKS http://www.linkedin.com/in/johnasinclair￼