John Miller Web DeveloperAmarillo, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/John-Miller/75fcddba3d82a2ecI believe in honesty and dependability, I believe these qualities should be instilled in everyone. Some would say my biggest flaw is, that I tend to be a perfectionist, I say it is my strength. When it comes to doing a job, it should be done right, every time, no exceptions. These are the high standards I believe in; performance and high quality work are at the top of my list. I also have an eye for detail, which enhances my creative side. This allows me to cope with all situations.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb developerJohn's Web World - Amarillo, TX - January 2010 to Present Building websites for the Texas PanhandleLead driverVictory Express Inc - Amarillo, TX - February 1991 to January 2009Lead driverRouting engineerInternational import/export agentMain dutiesDelivered routes that were vacantDesigned and planned route structurePrepared international shipments for import or export Managed station while manager was awayOther dutiesDelivered FedEx smart post to local post office in the panhandle area Delivered hotshot deliveries within the United StatesDriverAllied Parcel Service - Amarillo, TX - 1989 to 1991ResponsibilitiesDelivered packages and luggage throughout the Texas PanhandleCustodianCanyon Independent Schools - 1988 to 1989Animal Control OfficerCity of Amarillo - 1984 to 1988EDUCATIONAssociate Degree in Visual Communications in Computer TechnologyUniversity of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ January 2008 to January 2010￼Bachelors in Web development.University of PhoenixSKILLSOther Skills * Remolding * Carpentry * Plumbing * Electrical * Tile work Power tools include: Table saw, router, chop saw, band saw, jig saw, and all types of nail guns. Repaired appliancesLINKS http://johnswebworld.com/PUBLICATIONSThe Web, where will it lead us?http://rellim25.hubpages.com/hub/The-Web-where-will-it-lead-usThe World Wide Web ̧ "The Information Highway" We all crave information ̧ the internet offers this information in the form of web pages. To present the content ̧ a skill is used ̧ Web Design is that skill. This content is usually presented by using hypertext or hypermedia ̧ these will allow the user to move from one page to another. There are certain technologies used in the web development process. These technologies enable the web developer to perform different tasks. Once these technologies are mastered, anything is possibleThe Fate of the Beasthttp://rellim25.hubpages.com/hub/The_BeastADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkills:* Basic HTML and CSS2* Basic Photoshop* MS Office Suite* Knowledge of Social Media sites (Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube, and Blogs) Knowledge and Skills:* Basic knowledge of WYSIWYG HTML editors* Familiarity with both Apple and Windows operating system* Acrobat Reader￼￼￼