Johnny Slocum Call Floor ManagerYadkinville, NC - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Johnny-Slocum/471f10b4067b7381I am seeking a position where my abilities and aptitude will be challenged and rewarded. I am always looking forward to further my education and skill set.• Offering a foundation in software engineering and programming principles across multiple platforms.• Experienced in object-oriented programming; developing, testing and debugging code for the backend, and CRUD (Creating, Reading, Updating, and Deleting Databases)• Quickly learn and master new technologies; successful working in both team and self-directed settings.I have 10+ years of experience in supervisory roles. I have almost 2 years experience as a C# .NET developer. I have over 2 years of experience driving various forklift equipment. I worked over 8 years in inventory management positions. I have strong familiarity with Microsoft Office software. I have a typing speed of 45-50 wpm with a low error rate.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperSelf - Yadkinville, NC• Software Engineering Design Project (in progress):- Project Scope: Currently working on next-generation software specializing in server-side/backend Windows services and Web APIs. Analyzed functional requirements, developed code and currently testing software applications.- Tools: Visual Studio .Net, C# and ASP.Net, MVC, Web API, T-SQLSkills Used• Visual Studio .Net, C#, ASP.Net, Web API, MVC, SQL Server 2014 Management Studio, XML/HTML, CSS, Windows, MS Office Suite, CRUD, OOPCall Floor ManagerCSS Captioning Service Specialists - May 2013 to October 2014As a call floor manager I was responsible for a team of 20 phone caption assistants. I was responsible for monitoring them and testing them daily to offer tailored coaching with positive reinforcement of good behaviors. I had to create and update spreadsheets several times a day. I had to perform floor walks several times a day to ensure captioning assistants were following all of the policies set forth in the CSS employee FCC reference guide. If a policy was breached I would meet with the CA in private to discuss their understanding of the breached policy and go over the policy with them and explain what they did or did not do to meet the policy and ask them how they would go about not breaching the policy in the future, if they were unsure then I would offer other coaching on ways they could stay compliant. I would also administer policy violation warnings at this time and submit to HR who would determine the disciplinary level if any. I was also responsible for training new supervisors on protocol and SOP.Triple Play Certified Cable TechnicianKablelink Telecommunications - December 2011 to January 2013￼As an experienced technician, I was one of the leads used for training new hires on company policies and procedures. Also was responsible for performing quality control inspections on fellow technicians to ensure optimal standards of service of our product.Customer service was my number one job. I performed installations on customer premises for cable TV, digital phone service, and broadband internet including protected WIFI setups. Warehouse/inventory management was a daily part of the job as well as pulling equipment, parts, and supplies for the scheduled shift. I had to keep immaculate documentation of parts and inventory to ensure stop-loss and to maintain accurate inventory. Hard, heavy labor was a welcome benefit to the job and included climbing 30ft ladders in all weather conditions. I climbed through tight spaces such as attics and under-home crawl spaces to pull wires. I had to carry wire reels weighing upwards of 100lbs. Heat and cold were everyday part of the job.Audio/Video/Lighting Technical EngineerBDR Entertainment - March 2010 to November 2011I was responsible for training and educating new hire tech department staff. I evaluated new DJs and kept the audio and lighting entertainment fresh and above the high standards of the club owners and Orlando nightclub crowds.I was the lead role in the design and execution for all the technology in the club during the construction phase. I implemented my designs for the state of the art custom spec 120,000 watt audio system, the expansive DMX lighting system, a complex video matrix system (with digital advertising signage throughout the club with 24 large screen LCD displays). I installed 3 separate networks (for public WIFI, protected WIFI, and the P.O.S. hardwired network) I ran all necessary conduit and low voltage wiring.I also designed and installed the 32 camera matrix security system with motion, door, glass break sensors, and fingerprint ID scanners. I also designed and integrated the 4 screen x 3 screen large LCD TV video wall matrix. After the club opened in December of 2010, I titillated the senses by operating the custom programmed lighting system software "Sunlite Studio" for show productions in conjunction with live entertainment including bands and DJs. I provided ear-candy by operating the live sound equipment ensuring MIC levels and gain-staging were optimal at all times as well as adjusting equalizer settings to produce best possible sound per individual source ensuring overall success. I maintained all equipment and kept up with the general maintenance of the building. I set up additional equipment with the assistance of a scissor lift, for live entertainment daily, such as additional lighting, DJ gear, PA speakers, wired/wireless microphones, high end audio mixers, etc. I was responsible for reading the "vibe" of the club and adjust audio and lighting accordingly. I also performed as resident DJ for 3 nights a week spinning the most recent and exclusive vocal house music remixesLead Installer/Integration TechnicianIdeation Engineering - Windermere, FL - 2002 to 2010I was the manager responsible for training new techs and also training all techs the newest innovations in technology and proper installation procedures. Customer service being number 1 priority, I provided unequalled customer satisfaction with constant contact and retrieved feedback during each phase to ensure that I was exceeding client expectations while developing lifelong relationships. I was solely responsible for maintaining the entire inventory system for the company. I estimated materials and hours cost needed to complete jobs. I made pre-wire schedules, and ran wires/conduit in new and existing construction. I executed proper wire termination with wire management patch bays of various cabling/connectors including: Rg-6 CCTV, RG-6 quadshield, Rg-59, mini-coax, cat 5, fiber optic cabling and literally hundreds of other wire types and connectors. I was responsible for mounting, installing, and integrating equipment such as: audio and video processors, security systems - cameras/recorders/motion detectors/door sensors, surge protection, T.V.'s, LAN, WAP, phone systems, cable/satellite receiver boxes and various automation system components/lighting control as well as high-end dedicated home theaters with screen/projectors and true surround sound. I made service/maintenance calls and troubleshot any problems in the system. System familiarity includes: Crestron, AMX, Elan, Vantage, Elk, etcBuilding Materials SpecialistIdeation Engineering - January 2005 to December 2006 Lowe's Home ImprovementMainly I was responsible for training new employees on operation and safety guidelines of lifting equipment to ensure success at certification. I also taught workshop classes to the customer base. Other responsibilities included: receiving store merchandise with LRT gun type of inventory automation, verifying orders against the paperwork, operating sit-down forklifts, both electric and LP gas powered, operated high-reach lift, cherry pickers, pallet jacks, motorized pallet tugs as well as various other material handling vehicles and tools, heavy materials included lumber bundles, pallets of concrete, various large home appliances, palletized paint buckets, PVC piping, rebar, angle iron, sheetrock, bricks and blocks, etc. I had to stage all incoming product for cantilever rack restock. Then I had to restock the cantilever racks with the various forklift machines, all while following very strict OSHA and store set safety guidelines for operation of the heavy machinery. I had to make sure the rack weight was evenly distributed by calculating weights and using good judgment. I had to palletize any stock coming in that wasn't palletized prior or palletized poorly. Department cleaning, and assisting customers was done whenever I was not operating a machine.Training/EducationEDUCATIONPursuing a BS in Computer Science in Computer Programming and AnalysisValencia College - Orlando, FL 2013 to 2017EST Level 3 Certification in Home AutomationCEDIA University - Indianapolis, IN 2002 to 2006SKILLS• Visual Studio .Net, C#, ASP.Net, Web API, MVC, SQL Server 2014 Management Studio, XML/HTML, CSS, Windows, MS Office Suite, CRUD, OOP, T-SQL