Jonathan CalazanSoftware Developer, Systems and Network AdministratorWharton, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jonathan-Calazan/ea06a5b938c58017Software Developer specializing in Python/Django development with PostgreSQL. Also familiar with DevOps practices and have used tools such as Docker, Ansible, Jenkins, and Vagrant to make people's lives easier.A big fan of the "less is more" approach.More About Me: https://www.calazan.com/about/Personal Projects: https://www.calazan.com/projects/GitHub: https://github.com/jcalazanNOTE: I'm only available for remote contract work (10-25 hours per week).WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperNoodle Education - New York, NY - January 2014 to PresentMainly a backend Python/Django developer but also involved in doing some frontend and DevOps related work depending on business needs.Automated setting up the team's local development environment using Docker, Ansible, Vagrant with VirtualBox/VMware Fusion (for Mac users), and bash scripts. This has saved the team a lot of time due to the complex nature of our environment (we're currently running 9 Docker containers/services that are dependent on each other).Automated server provisioning and application deployments using Ansible and Jenkins with Amazon Web Services (AWS).Successfully migrated the website's main database from MySQL to PostgreSQL.Successfully migrated user passwords from insecure unsalted MD5 hashes to bcrypt.Wrote the backend for the website's 'Follow' feature for following users, articles, topics, questions, etc.Wrote the backend for the editorial team's publishing workflow.Wrote the backend for the contest app.Assisted in migrating legacy PHP/Code Igniter web app to Python/Django.Lots of maintenance work: bug fixes, code cleanups, feature improvements, and performance tweaks.Systems Analysis and Development Specialist￼Prudential Financial - Newark, NJ - June 2009 to October 2011Started out managing the systems/operations team and worked closely with the software development, database, and QA teams to help speed up the development and deployment of custom applications. Eventually moved full-time to software development, assisting the systems and operations team as needed.Made improvements to existing applications/scripts and worked with other developers in rewriting legacy applications to a new web application written in Java.Integrated IBM WebSEAL authentication to the new web application for single sign-on.Built a RESTful web service for submitting tasks to a Windows HPC Server cluster using Django and Celery. Also wrote a UI in Java for submitting the task, displaying the status, and downloading the result file.Wrote a Python script to “glue” together multiple applications written in different programming languages in order to fully automate the daily valuation process, which is used by the business to make hedging decisions.Wrote Python scripts to manage the retrieval of data feeds coming from multiple sources. These feeds are used in the department’s daily valuation process.Set up a small cluster of computers (virtual and physical) for Windows HPC Server 2008 proof of concept.Set up a Hudson CI server and wrote PowerShell scripts to automate software builds and deployments.Jr. Network AdministratorL'Occitane - Lyndhurst, NJ - December 2006 to June 2009Managed and maintained the company’s network, servers, phone system, wrote and updated technical documentation, disaster recovery, security, and provided technical support.Consolidated servers using VMware ESXi virtualization technology to reduce power consumption, free up rack space, and better utilize existing servers.Set up a patch management server using Microsoft’s free WSUS software.Set up a WDS server with BDD 2007 to automate and simplify the deployment of new computers, eliminating the need of creating separate images for different models.Set up a proxy server using Squid with DansGuardian web content filtering to centrally manage web access from stores.Systems AdministratorAnySystem.com - Wyckoff, NJ - December 2002 to November 2006Managed and maintained servers running Windows, Linux, and Solaris, SQL Server databases, mail servers, web servers, Active Directory accounts, Citrix servers, and backup servers. Also provided technical support, trained IT staff, and wrote documentation.Designed and set up the company’s network when the company moved its location.Developed a web-based application using an open-source PHP framework and MySQL database for keeping track of product prices and inventory.EDUCATIONBS in Computer Science (Minor: Mathematics)Montclair State University - Montclair, NJ 2002 to 2006SKILLSSoftware Development (Python, Django, Twitter Bootstrap, HTML/CSS/Javascript, Celery, RabbitMQ, Java, Ext GWT, SQL, PowerShell, Git, Subversion), Operating Systems (Linux, Windows), Data (PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQL Server, MongoDB, Solr, Memcached), Web (Apache, Nginx, Tomcat, Gunicorn), Network Administration, Automation (Hudson/Jenkins CI, Travis CI, Fabric, Ansible), Cloud Computing (Rackspace, Heroku, AWS, Digital Ocean), Virtualization (Docker, VMware, VirtualBox, Vagrant, Virtualenv), Security, DevOpsLINKShttps://github.com/jcalazanhttps://twitter.com/jcalazanhttps://www.calazan.com https://www.linkedin.com/pub/jonathan-calazan/2/ab0/aa7ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Side Projects:GlucoseTracker (https://www.glucosetracker.net) - Web app for tracking blood glucose levels.EZ Price Alerts (https://www.ezpricealerts.com) - Web app for tracking Amazon prices with email alerts.YouTube Audio Downloader (http://www.youtubeadl.com) - YouTube to MP3 converter.Ansible Django Stack (https://github.com/jcalazan/ansible-django-stack) - Ansible playbook to fully automate server provisioning and application deployment in a typical Django environment.Docker Django Local (https://github.com/jcalazan/docker-django-local) - Dockerfiles for setting up a typical local Django development environment.￼￼￼￼