Jonathan Comnes Associate AttorneyTampa, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jonathan-Comnes/ae484b1e8076ac8cWORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyLaw Offices of Ita M. Neymotin: Office of Criminal Conflict and Civil Regional Counsel. Second District. - Fort Myers, FL - July 2014 to PresentResponsibilities: Felony Attorney at 10th Circuit Offices: Hardee, Highlands, Polk Counties. Handling all aspects of client cases and a heavy caseload:Motions, Depositions, Hearings, Pleas Jury Selection, Jury Trials.AccomplishmentsConsistently win cases for my clients.Bring considerable experience and expertise to my job. Represent clients well in deposition and in court. Handle a large case load well.Skills Used:Ability to work well with clients, other attorneys, and judges.Verbal presentation, argumentation skills.Command of the facts and ability to present them logically and well. Ability to handle a large caseload.Jury selection.Ease in the courtroom and at deposition.Legal research and writing skills.Computer competence.Associate AttorneyLaw Office of Julianne M. Holt - August 2009 to March 2014Public DefenderThe Thirteenth Judicial Circuit. TampaDuties: Felony and Misdemeanor Trial divisions, Insanity Trials, Mental Health DefenseMental Health Division: handling civil commitment hearings under our State Baker Act system, representing mentally ill or intellectually disabled clients in the criminal system by personally handling competency or sanity placement hearings and advocating against state hospitalization, arguing for less restrictive placement, handled appeals to the Second District Court and Circuit CourtAwards: Community Service Award 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012Adjunct ProfessorHillsborough Community College - Tampa, FL - April 2005 to December 2010Constitutional Law, Criminal Justice,Prisoner's Rights.Teaching in other departments: Political Science, American Government, Introduction to Sociology￼Letters of Reference availableCriminal and civil AttorneyDavis Island Law - Tampa, FL - 2004 to August 2009Responsibilities2005-2009Attorney handling criminal defense, family law, probate and civil litigationDavis Island LawDuties: Plaintiff’s personal injury litigation and torts, cost assessments and judgments. All general liability and debt collecting, administrative hearings, professional licensing advocacy, probate, foreclosures, trusts, bankruptcies, civil matters, criminal law matters and domestic family law matters.Skills UsedKnowledge of the law, writing ability, critical thinking, computer skillsAssistant Public DefenderOffice of the Public Defender - 2001 to 2001Honorable Robert WesleyThe Ninth Judicial Circuit, Orlando.Duties: litigating Capital Division cases, Major Crimes and Death penalty cases.Assistant Public DefenderOffice of the Public Defender - 1997 to 2000Honorable Robert DillingerThe Sixth Judicial Circuit, Clearwater FloridaDuties: Felony Lawyer in Division M, Member of the Capital Team personally litigating homicides involving the death penalty and capital sex crimesPersonally appointed by Mr. Dillinger for the Capital TeamAwarded Certificate of Excellence in the Larry Rowe Death CaseAssistant Public DefenderOffice of the Public Defender - 1992 to 1997Honorable Joseph DuRocherThe Ninth Judicial Circuit, Orlando.Duties: Misdemeanor and Felony divisions, including work in Major Crimes and death penalty cases. Recipient of "Trial Award" given annually by Mr. DuRocher (NG Verdict)EDUCATIONJuris DoctorateFlorida State University College of Law 1992 to PresentB.A. in CriminologyUniversity of South Florida 1999 to 2004SKILLSComputer savvy, worked in a paperless office.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONJuris Doctorate earned in 1992 from Florida State University College of Law, Graduating in the top 6 % of my classB.A. in Criminology from University of South Florida, Summa Cum Laude*Board Certified by Florida Bar as a Criminal Trial Specialist (1999-2004)Further AchievementsExperienced Civil Jury Trial LitigatorAwarded Certificate of Excellence in Larry Rowe Death Penalty Case Handled over 200 jury trials to verdict