Jordan KrasnerRockville, MD - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jordan-Krasner/c1161564d5b11836Hard working, motivated college student seeking a software development internship for the summer of 2015 in the DC area.GPA: 3.6WORK EXPERIENCEComputer Science Teaching Assistant- September 2014 to PresentHelp teach beginning students the fundamental concepts of computer science and the Pythonprogramming language. Course topics include problem-solving methods, algorithm development and object oriented concepts.• Assist students during their lab assignment by helping them come up with solutions to problems and debugging their code.Courses• Fundamentals of Programming 1 and 2• Computer Organization• Software Development• Database Management (current)• IOS Development and Objective C (online at codeschool.com)Programming Languages• Java • Python • C •SQLSales ClerkDistrict Office of Maryland Congressman Chris Van Hollen - Rockville, MD - February 2013 to June 2013 Tennis• Starter on nationally ranked Washington and Lee University men's tennis team. • Washburn Award for outstanding freshman on the team• Old Dominion Athletic Conference 1st teamInternDistrict Office of Maryland Congressman Chris Van Hollen - Rockville, MD - September 2012 to January 2013Provided constituent services to assist citizens who are having difficulties with federal agencies. • Typical problems people faced included issues with immigration, Medicare, passports, Pepco, postal service and the Internal Revenue Service.EDUCATIONWalter Johnson High School April 1966Computer Science/Economics DoubleWashington and Lee University￼ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONOrganizations – Washington and Lee UniversityData Science Club November 2014 –Present〓 Founding Member and Chief Technical Architect.〓 The mission of the club is to introduce data science and its uses to members through the implementation of a HADOOP cluster.Venture Club November 2014 – Present〓 The Venture Club promotes and projects the spirit of entrepreneurship. 〓 Current projects include mobile application development.Williams Investment Society November 2014 – Present〓 The Williams Investment Society is a student organization that manages a portion of Washington and Lee University's endowment in equity securities.