Josef ChenMBA Intern, Marketing Intelligence & AnalyticsNashville, TN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Josef-Chen/82103c1edf1d4ecaWORK EXPERIENCEMBA Intern, Marketing Intelligence & AnalyticsCOMCAST CORPORATION - Philadelphia, PA - 2014 to 2014Analyzed marketing efficiency and strategies based on Nielsen Designated Market Area. Proposed a new, hyper-targeted approach for the Strategic Marketing team to better size future market share gain opportunity. • Created a standardized brand health dashboard to enable the Marketing Communications team to better allocate resources and convey a clear XFINITY brand KPI between individual marketing teams and the Chief Marketing Officer (one of the six projects showcased at CMO's annual innovation summit later that year).• Monitored focus group sessions, and participated in discussions regarding integration of new features into the existing X1 platform.• Provided insights summary of weekly KPI on 6+ sales channels, and regional connection/disconnection activities for internal distribution.• Delivered a formal internship projects summary presentation to the Marketing and Sales leadership team.Consultant/ Data DirectorBOB BLUMENFIELD FOR CITY COUNCIL - Los Angeles, CA - 2012 to 2013Analyzed election returns and voter files based on different demographics. Established supporting data for a bold strategy to target Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender group and Democratic donors.• Spearheaded Get out the Vote (GOTV) Program for the Primary Election by preparing canvas material, prioritizing precincts, and adjusting resources based on poll check updates on Election Day. Candidate acquired more than 50% of the cast ballots in a 6-way race.Consultant/ Data DirectorHOWARD BERMAN FOR CONGRESS - Los Angeles, CA - 2012 to 2012Formulated a field strategy targeting Republican voters for a Democratic candidate after examining past elections, voter turnouts and demographics.• Designed and executed Get out the Vote program for the General Election. Repurposed Count Reports a software tool to increase preparation efficiency, reducing preparation time by more than 50%.• Managed a volunteer voter contact program and analyzed daily voter responses, then adjusted message and call time for maximum impact.• Coordinated implementation of an in-house mail program (35,000 mail pieces) with consultants, directed the assembly team and managed when and where to shift assembly line resources.• Evaluated and managed interns and volunteers according to their interests and performance, and based upon this, guided interns through leadership opportunities along the campaign trail.• Designed a manual for volunteer training, creating protocol for future voter engagement.Consultant/ Social Media CoordinatorWARREN FURUTANI FOR CITY COUNCIL - Los Angeles, CA - 2011 to 2012Evaluated online traffic for candidate's social media accounts, created a time frame for announcing campaign news and candidate endorsements, which increased the probability of reaching voters/target markets.• Proposed and executed multi-media aspects of the campaign, helping increase traffic on candidate's Facebook and YouTube account during the holiday season by more than 100%.￼ADDITIONAL • Fluent in verbal and written Mandarin Chinese.• Enjoy camping trips in national parks, and a clear night sky under zero light pollution condition. • Film enthusiast, frequent art museum visitor (fan of artworks from 18th and 19th century).EDUCATIONBachelor of Arts in Political ScienceUNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA - Los Angeles, CA June 2011Master of Business Administration in Brand Marketing ManagementVANDERBILT UNIVERSITY - Nashville, TN