José Javier Ramos FigueroaAction-driven, self-learner, results-oriented, business-oriented, teamwork-oriented.San Juan, PR - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jose-Javier-Ramos-Figueroa/919bdbfa47320aaeIT Professional with over 5 years of experience in programming with outstanding analysis and integration capabilities, with a focus on operational processes. Over 7 years of experience in the health care industry applying my IT skills to improve processes and data management. Accustomed to develop system design and architecture improvements to meet changing business needs, and determining technical and operational viability. Easily adaptable to change with a focus on continuous improvement initiatives and development within organizations. I have a balanced mix of both business acumen and technical expertise. Fully bilingual in English and Spanish.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperRock Solid Technologies - Guaynabo, PR - 2014 to Presento Development of new business rules, new changes requested by the client and modifying the findings reported by the QA team. Testing and documentation of the resolution of the changes.o Nazareno: Data and data mapping migration, development in CRM 2013.o Virtual Collector: Front-end and back-end development in C# and APS.Net.o Environment: CRM 2013, Visual Studio 2012, WPF, CSLA, SQL Server 2008 and Share Point.Software EngineerAPS Healthcare - San Juan, PR - 2009 to 2014o Analyzing and programing new Medical Billing System, called NEO, by migrating old Billing System to a new Windows Base Software, on OpenInsgiht Platform. Specially focused on providing data for both internal and external clients from all of APS managed care services.o Work on special and ad hoc projects as assigned by Management to improve work flow and production.o Creation and optimization of processes as well as doing project management for new processes.o Maintain responsibility for programming, logging, documenting, testing and reporting all the changes and deployments of new projects or ad hoc requests, and their resolution, with compliance measures.o Ensure problem resolution and staff satisfaction by following-up with users and technical staff.o Give remote and personal support to the client's software and computer troubleshooting if having problem. o Also have done cabling and networking process.o Environment: OpenInsight, SQL Server 6.5/2000/2005/2008, Reporting Services, Excel and Share Point.Software DeveloperIT Developers Group - San Juan, PR - 2007 to 2009o Analyze, support and develop different projects for different clients in different programming languages.o First Bank - FBE3: Programming the user interface of the accounting process in C#, where the user selects the loans to view, edit and save the necessary information and send to print the client's checks. Creating all the reports in Reporting Services with store procedures from SQL Server 2005. Creating and modifying the look and field of the web application, done in ASP.NET. Also, testing the system, making the documentation, creation of the User Manual and giving presentation to the client. eFirstClass/Debt Protection: Creating over twenty reports with Crystal Reports 9, with SQL Server 2005 Store Procedures and Views.o Cypress - Guaranty Bank: Programming the client loan information, in C#, where the user entered all the personal information to submit a loan. Also, modifications on the look and field in ASP.NET. Bizmark Solution:￼Programming in C# the validation of the information entered and show specific error message when it is necessary. Umpqua Bank: Look and field of the application, in ASP.NET.o MCS - PCPIS: Creating a new calculation of admission in Visual Basic 6.0 and SQL Server 2000.o Bowlera: Front-end programming, developing and testing the web page, making inventory and documentation.o Environment: C#, Visual Basic 6.0, Visual Basic.Net, ASP.Net, SQL Server 2000/2005, Reporting Services and Crystal Report 8 and 9.Computer TechnicianTriple-S - Guaynabo, PR - 2005 to 2007o Install, upgrade, or uninstall company software applications.o Giving technical support to medical billing software (SES, MedOne 2 and MedOne 3 Express) at the client's office or through remote desktop.o Documenting and reporting all daily Help Desk calls and their resolution.o Manage equipment maintenance (routine cleaning, service checks, software updates) and computer troubleshooting.EDUCATIONB. S. in Computer ScienceUniversity Of Puerto RicoM.B.A. in Technology ManagementUniversity Of Phoenix - Carolina, PRSKILLSProgrammer, Analyst, Leader, Solution Maker, Fast Learner, Bilingual Oral and Written both English and Spanish.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL SKILLS:o Operating Systems: Windows 98/XP/2000/Server 2000-2003/Mobile/Vista/7/8 and Linux.o Application Software: MS Office/Outlook 2000/2003/2007 Suite, DameWare Remote Control.o Development tools: MS Visual Basic 6.0, MS Visual Studio.Net, CRM, MS Dynamics GP, OpenInsight, Adobe Creative Suite, Crystal Reports and Reporting Services.