Joseph Mazza Software Developer - ANSYS IncCanonsburg, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joseph-Mazza/1b2f2e8a52d80c65Professional Software Developer with over 4 years of work experience encompassing 3 separate industries. Extensive use and proficiency of programming languages including C++ and C#. Exposure to a variety of working conditions including office work and many facets of the manufacturing process. Results driven developer with strong interpersonal skills and the ability to manage time and projects efficiently.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperANSYS Inc - Canonsburg, PA - January 2012 to PresentWork with multiple programming languages including C#, C++ and JavaScript on DesignModelerCAD software.• Develop new and existing features to integrate geometry functionality into recently released ANSYS AIM.• Responsible for product defect correction as well as implementation of new features.• Investigate issues in third party code, submitting external defects and following up with outside tech support. • Explore available options for cross platform multithreading support.• Utilize 3D Printing to incorporate emerging technologies into existing platforms.• Incorporate new features on top of existing recently acquired SpaceClaim codebase.• Facilitate cross team collaboration to allow expanded capabilities in future software releases.• Apply Agile software development methodologies to facilitate increased productivity.Computer Engineer - Co-OpBMW Manufacturing - Spartanburg, SC - June 2010 to March 2011Managed and designed multi-department Computer Vision program, utilizing ABB robotics systems and Cognex vision cameras.• Developed mobile applications including a vehicle yard management system on Android platform.• Researched innovative topics pertaining to mobile development and cross platform integration.• Worked on in-house manufacturing line to gain exposure and understanding of reasoning behind efficiency project.• Gained valuable exposure to international culture and corporate dealings.Computer Engineer - Co-OpFedEx Ground - Pittsburgh, PA - January 2009 to June 2009Completed Java applications with database connectivity and GUI front end for distributed use.• Prepared cost analysis documents for long term server maintenance.• Worked with various programming languages to improve productivity and profitability of the company. • Automated tedious data entry tasks to improve productivity and decrease possibility of incorrect entry. • Completed daily, weekly and monthly reports to be sent to various levels of management.LANGUAGES: C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, SQL, VB, PHP, VHDL, MIPS PRODUCTIVITY SOFTWARE: Visual Studio, Eclipse, Git, SVN, Microsoft Office Suite￼EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Computer EngineeringThe University of Pittsburgh School of Engineering - Pittsburgh, PA December 2011The Pennsylvania State University College of Engineering - Erie, PA August 2007 to December 2009SKILLSC, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, SQL, VB, PHP, VHDL, MIPSADDITIONAL INFORMATIONOPERATING SYSTEMS: Windows, Linux, Unix, Apple OS X