Joseph Chmielewski Help Desk Representative - AssociateSpringfield, VA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joseph-Chmielewski/708d43803c08f48fWORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorL-3 Communications/NSS - Pentagon, DC - August 2013 to PresentResponsibilities● Provide day-to-day system and network administration support● Assist with user account creation, deletion and migration in Active Directory● Provide email, file and print server management● Provide Blackberry support including account creations and migrations● Work with technical, customer service or development staff to resolve recurring problems and issues with applications and/or products.Help Desk AnalystRandstad Technologies - Herndon, VA - January 2013 to August 2013Responsibilities● Providing technical phone support for 58,000+ employees in an enterprise setting● Resolving issues surrounding computer hardware, software, network, and telecommunications systems. ● Recording, maintaining and updating records in the Incident Management system.● Performing analysis of problems and assist with corrective action to restore functionality.Help Desk Representative - AssociateGeisinger Medical Center - Danville, PA - November 2011 to August 2012Duties included:• Provide technical phone support for 14,000+ employees in an enterprise setting.• Triage calls, troubleshoot and resolve any technical issues employees and non-employees may have using BMC Remedy. Escalate ticket to appropriate team when necessary.• Responsible for handling password reset requests across many applications. (Active Directory, LDAP, Epic, SMS, etc.)Freelance Computer TechnicianSelf-Employed - Mount Carmel, PA - August 1999 to August 2012Duties included:• Repaired computers (hardware and software) for customers in the area • Performed upgrades on computers based on customer's needs• Provided support over the phone as necessaryOperatorGeisinger Medical Center - Danville, PA - December 2009 to January 2012Duties included:• Handle all incoming/outgoing calls within the Hospital and surrounding buildings• Contact proper staff for various emergencies throughout the Hospital (Traumas, Codes, etc.)Deli Crew Member￼Boyer's Food Markets - Mount Carmel, PA - April 2009 to January 2010Duties included:• Customer service and order fulfillment.• Set up and maintain the hot and cold foods bars during shift.OwnerSelf-Employed - Shamokin, PA - April 2007 to March 2008Duties included:• Managing store's Internet Café and addressing customer inquiries and provide some instruction when needed• Troubleshooting and repairing PCs with various problems• Providing Onsite repair for both business and residential customers• Upgrading and building new systems to customer's specifications• Offer IT Consultations and Solutions to local small businesses• Handle all accounting needs for the storeStore Manager/Computer TechnicianSelf-Employed - Harrisburg, PA - October 2005 to April 2007Duties included:• Managing Showroom and Tech Room operations• Troubleshooting and repairing PCs with various issues• Upgrading and building new systems to customer's specifications • Provide phone support for customers• Maintaining Day to Day activities of the storeEDUCATIONBS in Information Technology - SecurityWestern Governors University - Online 2014 to 2018Diploma in General StudiesSr High School - Mount Carmel, PA June 2000SKILLSComptia A+, Network+, Security+ Certified. ITIL Foundations v2011 CertifiedADDITIONAL INFORMATION• Over 10 years of computer and networking experience• Knowledge of Operating Systems (including Windows 95/98, NT, Me, 2000, XP, Vista, Windows 7, Mac OSX and RedHat Linux with Fedora Core)• Extensive knowledge of computer hardware and networking technologies• Knowledge of all aspects of office productivity software, including: word processing, spreadsheets, databases, presentations, collaboration, and business diagramming• Typing speed of 60+ words per minute• Excellent communication skills