Joseph QuSoftware Developer - Shell Energy North AmericaHouston, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joseph-Qu/bb4d2d2b129d3de3 Seeking a technical position in software or application design, development, and supportWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperShell Energy North America - Houston, TX - September 2014 to PresentWork Highlights:• Work on Nucleus NextGen project, an ETRM software, in the environment of .NET 4.5, C#, WPF, WCF, MS Entity Framework, Telerik 2013, Visual Studio 2012, PL/SQL, and Oracle 11g. Implement a couple of forms and reports in MVVM pattern, as well as create new and make changes to Oracle tables, views, indexes, stored procedures, and triggers. Participate in the application performance enhancement and tuning.Senior Software EngineerSiemens Energy - Houston, TX - April 2013 to April 2013Work Highlights:• Work on Oil and Gas Manager (OGM 2.0) in the environment of .NET 4.0, C#, VB.NET, MS Entity Framework, SQL Server 2012, Visual Studio 2010, MS Excel 2012, and Telerik. This software is used by oil and gas companies to facilitate their field design, simulate the equipment, operation, and process cost, and get various reports for decision makers. It includes graphical user interface, system and process simulation modules, cost index database maintenance, unit of measure conversions, SQL Server reports generation, and so on.• Design and implement an ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) simulator tool in the environment of .NET 4.5, C#, WPF, WCF, MS Entity Framework, Visual Studio 2012, and SQL Server 2012. This software is designed to simulate an ERP system in SAP and used for testing PS AIM (Process Safety Asset Integrity Manager), enterprise software from Siemens.Senior Energy Software DeveloperAdapt2 Solutions - Houston, TX - April 2009 to March 2013Work Highlights:• Act as a major developer in design, implementation, deployment, and technical support of Adapt2ISO, a software solution for ISO trade capture, schedule, settlement and accounting system, in the environment of .NET 4.0, C#, Windows Forms, WCF, WPF, SQL, PL/SQL, Oracle 10g/11g, SQL Server 2008, Entity Framework, ZEMA, and Entegrate. This software has been developed for and used by Spark Energy, Air Liquide, FPL, and Mercuria in their ISO markets such as ERCOT, PJM, NYISO, and ISO-NE. Third party controls from Infragistics and DevExpress are used in user interface design to further improve the functionalities like drill down report, price curve comparison, and formula construction as well as the look and feel of the software. A couple of technics are used to improve huge data retrieval and insert. A feature is developed in the software to get SCADA data from customer's data acquisition system.• Act as a major developer in design, implementation, deployment, and technical support of EDGE, a bill template design and management tool, in the environment of .NET 4.0, C#, Windows Forms, Entity Framework, and SQL Server 2008. Users are able to design bill templates with line items they want to include and manage their bill data easily, with the ability to save their bill image files into database and display them when requested. Users also can view their bill drill down and normal reports implemented with pivot grid from DevExpress.￼Senior Energy Software DeveloperDirect Energy - Houston, TX - May 2007 to March 2009Work Highlights:• Act as a major role in re-design and implement Risk Management valuation engine. This includes design and implementation of database objects such as tables, views, stored procedures, jobs and business logics in an efficient and structured way in the environment of Allegro 6.0, Toad for Oracle, SQL, and PL/SQL.• Provide full support for Direct Energy's wholesale software systems such as Allegro user support and risk management tool support. This includes trading software configuration and report generation, bad trading data detection, risk system data analysis, system performance enhancement and tuning, system module issue fix, Oracle batch job monitoring, in the environment of Allegro 6.0 and Oracle 10g.• Participate in Allegro database migration from Oracle 8i to 10g. This includes developing data comparison utility packages with PL/SQL and adding performance enhancement to the risk valuation engine to achieve data integrity and high system performance.• Experience in adding new functionalities to Mass Market load shape forecasting management tool in the environment of Microsoft C# and SQL Server 2005.Senior DeveloperSungard Energy Systems - Houston, TX - April 2006 to April 2007Work Highlights:• Participate in the design and development of EAS (Entegrate Application Suite), the company's major product, which is implemented in Java, Java Swing, and Oracle BC4J / OC4J on Oracle 10g database and application server. The EAS consists of commodity trading, risk or asset management, and scheduling solution.• Design and implement Bilateral Automation project for calculating imbalanced volumes and values between gas and power deals. This includes database object creation and manipulation, database persistence layer creation, and user interface implementation using Core Java, Java Swing, Oracle BC4J / OC4J, and PL/SQL. • Add enhancement to and test / troubleshooting for the End of Day Processes, which includes loading prices, calculating positions, and generating risk reports, using PL/SQL and Oracle Advanced Queue technologies.Senior Software EngineerAuto-trol Technology, Inc - Houston, TX - April 1998 to April 2006 USA.Work Highlights:• Participate in the development of CM (Configuration Management) application, the company's major product, that includes information management, product management, and work flow management sub-systems in the environment of Visual C++/MFC, C++, Pro*C, and Oracle PL/SQL.• Participate in converting the old version to the new version (web-based three-tire, implemented in Java, Java J2EE, JSP, Servlet, XML, XSLT, on Apache/TomCat).• Build and manage Oracle instances and schemas using SQL*PLUS and Enterprise Manager. This includes creating and manipulating database objects such as table spaces, tables, views, indexes, constraints, triggers, synonyms, sequences, stored procedures, and packages.• Experience in improving Oracle database performance on the SQL query, database instance, and application levels.• Experience in project life-cycle development and maintenance such as functional requirement collection, technical requirements creation, software module design and implementation, test procedure and unit test case creation, as well as product technical support.Contract Programmer AnalystEquifax, Inc - Atlanta, GA - December 1997 to April 1998USA.Work Highlights:• Participate in the development of the Visa Car Rental Decision Support, a risk assessment solution for VISA, in the environment of Oracle, C, and UNIX on IBM AIX. This project includes creating / updating C modules, creating SQL scripts for loading data, and writing UNIX shell scripts for generating transactional detail daily and monthly reports.EDUCATIONB.S. in Electrical EngineeringBeijing Jiaotong University - 北京市 2005M.S. in Computational ScienceMathematical School, University of Southern MississippiADDITIONAL INFORMATION• Have around 17 years of software / application design and development experience.• Have more than 7 years of development and support experience in the area of energy and commodity trading, risk management, settlement, and accounting using software Entegrate, Allegro, ZEMA, and Adapt2ISO.• Experience with C#, Windows Forms, WCF, WPF, SQL, PL/SQL, MS Entity Framework, as well as custom controls from third party companies such as Infragistics, DevExpress, and Telerik.• Experience with OOD/OOP, design patterns, and UML tool. Have great software design, coding, testing, and debugging skills.• Experience with database design and implementation with Oracle and SQL Server. Experience in creating database objects such as tables, views, stored procedures, functions, and triggers.• Have extensive working experience in handling huge volumes of data, administering databases, and doing performance enhancement and tuning in database and application layers.• Experience in software / project life-cycle development and maintenance such as functional requirement collection, technical requirement creation, software module design and implementation, test procedure and unit test case creation, as well as product technical support.• Dedicated, responsible, productive, highly motivated, and a very good team player.DEVELOPMENT SKILLSProgramming Techniques:.NET, C#, WPF, WCF, Windows Forms, SQL, PL/SQL, MS Entity Framework, SQL Server Reporting Services, Core Java, Java Swing, Java Spring Framework, SOAP, XML, XSD/DTD.Databases:Oracle 8i/9i/10g/11g. MS SQL Server 2005/2008/2012.Software Development Environment and Tools:Visual Studio 2010/2012, Toad for Oracle, PL/SQL Developer, SQL Server Management Studio, MS Team Foundation Server (TFS), Internet Information Services(IIS), Infragistics, DevExpress, Telerik, Eclipse, Tortoise Subversion, Apache, Tomcat, Oracle Application Server, Ant, Junit, Enterprise Architect, and AccuRev.