Joshalyn Pair Finance Coordinator/PhilanthropySan Antonio, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joshalyn-Pair/3c0d754884dbc00bWORK EXPERIENCEFinance Coordinator/PhilanthropyBaylor Scott & White Healthcare Foundation - Temple, TX - 2014 to 2014Managed and balanced all gift shops sales for 6 locations- Maintained a daily log of donations received for accounting and allocation of funds - Handled Payroll deductions for employee contributions- Participated in retreats, team building, and philanthropy outreachAccount RepresentativeSprint/Nextel - Temple, TX - 2009 to 2012Received and responded to calls identifying and advising customer account issues.- Assisted with billing issues and errors; assisted with team support and supervised.- Accurately processed payments and transactions; determined and corrected deficiencies. - Performed data entry and provided necessary changes.- Assisted in troubleshooting smart phones, hotspots, data cards, and tablets.Help Desk Tech IIAcer America - Temple, TX - 2009 to 2009Collected customer product information for desktops, TVs, notebooks and monitors. - Assisted in product troubleshooting and repair part determination.- Ordered parts to be sent out for necessary repairs.Sales AssociateDillards - Killeen, TX - 2008 to 2009Sold merchandise, customer service, processed payments and credit card applications.Cytology Prep TechnicianMetropolitan Pathologists - Denver, CO - 2001 to 2005Processed cytology specimens: staining, cover slipping and imaging of pap smears. - Reviewed patient documents and finalized lab reports.Receptionist/BookkeeperAlternative Health Services - Colorado Springs, CO - 2000 to 2001Performed medical coding and billing; scheduled appointments; reconciled expenses and invoices.EDUCATIONMBA in FinanceTexas A&M University - Central Texas - Killeen, TX 2014 to 2016BBA in Human Resource Management￼Texas A&M University-Central Texas - Killeen, TX 2014AS in Business Administration and General StudiesCentral Texas College - Killeen, TX 2013ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SKILLS PROFILECustomer Service/Public Relations Reception/Clerical Management/Cash Handling Help Desk/Client SupportMedical Charting/Filing/Coding/Billing Data Compilation/Analysis Automated Appointment Scheduling Data Entry/Extraction Report Generation/Distribution Quality Control/AssuranceProfessional Demeanor/Positive Attitude Industrious and Motivated with Initiative Quick Learner/Attentive to Detail Strong Work Ethic/Proactive Problem Solver Well-Organized/Self Starter Efficient Time Manager/Task PrioritizerEffective Communicator--Oral and Written Work Well with Diverse Work Force Meet Deadlines/Remain Calm Under Stress Decisive and Results-Oriented- Established abilities in exercising professional decisions based upon sound judgment and up-to-date knowledge of recent trends and techniques.- Maintain accurate and concise records: medical records, and client files.- Proven ability to quickly build a strong rapport with patients, clients, and co-workers.- Accustomed to working in fast-paced, ever-changing environments; hard-working and dependable. - Quickly adapt to changing surroundings and priorities; function well under stressful conditions.- Demonstrated ability to efficiently manage time, prioritize, and organize to maximum potential.- Computer: Microsoft products (Excel, Word, Windows, PowerPoint, Outlook)AREAS OF EXPERTISEFinance/Records Management- Filed, maintained, and audited records ensuring current and complete. - Prepared recurring reports of daily financial logs.Procurement/Inventory Control- Ordered and maintained optimal inventory of supplies; maintained strict accountability of sensitive items. - Initiated work orders and turn-in procedures for inoperable equipment.Data Management/Computer Proficiency- Input/updated/extracted patient/customer data into the computer system.- Troubleshot, diagnosed, and resolved processing problems on ADP equipment.- Produced correspondence and recurring reports using automated processes.- Consistently checked hard copy records against computer database to ensure quality and currency.Detail-Oriented Accurate Creative Resourceful Dependable Self-Motivated Attentive to Detail Honest Hard-Working Flexible Team Player