Joshua DrennonI am a self motivated, hard working individual who takes direction from management very well.Rochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joshua-Drennon/0b8699f67ed5ea43To expand my opportunities with a growing and professional company, and in hopes of expanding my career goals and learning from the best people in the company.WORK EXPERIENCEValet DriverPier 45 - Rochester, NY - September 2010 to PresentResponsible for welcoming guests to the restaurant upon arrival for dinner.* Take prestige care for their cars while at dinner by parking them in an assigned parking lot. * Upon completion of dinner run as fast as possible to retrieve the guests cars.Technical Support AgentADT Security Services - Rochester, NY - January 2010 to January 2012Handle incoming technical support calls and troubleshooting over the phone with customers alarm systems in hopes of finding a solution over the phone before having to send a technician out to the premise.* Meet all goals for the month and ensuring the customer has a pleasant phone experience to ensure ultimate customer service and satisfaction* Contribute to my team's statistics to ensure that we all meet the team goals each month.CashierSam's Club - Rochester, NY - October 2007 to September 2008Process grocery orders for customers and tender grocery bills by processing cash, check, and credit card payments* Upsell current members to the Plus membership which offered more benefits* Try to sell credit card applications to customers as well as extended warranties for electronic purchases made in the store.EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in HistorySUNY Brockport - Brockport, NY January 2008 to December 2009Associate of Arts in EducationMonroe Community College - Rochester, NY September 2005 to December 2007teachingSchool Without Walls in RochesterADDITIONAL INFORMATIONI am an Eagle scout which I earned in November of 2003, I can be a great leader.￼I like to have a checklist of duties or responsibilities that need to be completed from day to day. I like kepping myself busy while at work and making an impact on day to day operations