Joshua Smith Owner - Efficiency of MovementSan Diego, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joshua-Smith/e15fdf569312a89eI seek to contribute to the web design and development industry. I understand the fast paced and dynamic environment of business. I am excited to learn and contribute to a web development team in order to provide the best products and services that any company can provide. I adhere to the best practices when building sites. I build websites with the futurein mind. I also understand that making a website that a non-web professional can use is of the utmost importance. I use Photoshop and Illustrator to create images and logos for each of my websites. I have taught myself everything that I know about building websites, coding, and the web environment. I am ready to integrate with a team of experienced designers and developers to make fantastic websites that customers love.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperCeatus Media Group - San Diego, CAWork with custom sites created in-house. I work with static sites, WordPress, and Joomla.Implement SEO strategies developed by the in-house writers. Graphic design includescreating custom advertisements for doctors and dentists' practices. Create and implement a.SCSS training program to break the company into the next level of website prototyping. Ihave also become the company expert on Zurb Foundation for Sites. I was tasked with researching more efficient methods to design and implement websites as well as ways to cut down on maintenance costs.I have created and implemented training curriculums designed to enhance the capabilities of the web development team. My training included approximately 30 hours covering suchsubjects as .git, GitHub, Susy, Foundation, FoundationPress, grid systems, preprocessors and most importantly Sass.I have Photoshop open as much as my text editor and am very comfortable there. My strongest skill is photo manipulation versus graphic creation. I can and do create custom images and advertisements. I am technically better at PS than I am artist.Recently developed strategies to enhance the long-term capabilities of the web team and a more cost-effective product. My training and explanation of the benefits of front-end frameworks paved the way for a more streamlined and efficient product development cycle.Web DeveloperHH Real Estate Media - San Diego, CA - May 2014 to September 2014Built over 100 websites using in-house created themes. I implement custom design custom client-initiated site changes using CSS, HTML, PHP and or JavaScript. I am a Wordpress expert and help train others in the company on the most efficient use of Wordpress. During my day-to-day routine I am either working in Photoshop, Illustrator, HTML, CSS, PHP or MySQL. I also perform site optimizations using Cloudflare and MailChimp services.3605 Earnscliff Place 46 San Diego, CA 92111 C 858-337-0675 E￼joshsmith01@me.com"Email"Joshua M. Smith efficiencyofmovement.comCurrently, I am developing the next in-house custom theme from a PSD Composition. For the new Wordpress theme development, I am using the collaboration power of Git, whichmakes working in small teams easier, fasters, and above all others safer.Busy Little Bees; San Diego, CA, Owner - PresentCreated a popular website for parents of San Diego, CA. I designed and implemented the layout and functionality with particular focus on audience. Implement Google Drive in thedesign by using it as a backup location for database and files. I also collaborate with photographers and contacts with Google Drive as a way to stay abreast on projects. I create and implement all marketing from idea to data collection to audience targeting to advertisement budgets. I create the ads in Photoshop manage successful ad campaigns.Website ConsultantEfficiency of Movement - San Diego, CA - 2014 to June 2014Serve as the technical expert on the Wordpress-built website. I manage plugin application and security. I create custom template files from PHP for use on custom pages within the website. Hand coding is required. I also outlined local IT solutions within the office.Including security management, file storage and workflow enhancement.Diver First ClassUS Navy Logistics Support Unit - San Diego, CA - 2009 to 2010Planned and executed combat dives involving up to 30 divers, 4 boats, and 4 vehicles. Coordinated with external organizations such as San Diego Harbor Operations to ensure free passage of diving operations through the San Diego Bay at specific time slots. Maintained an entire SEAL Team's worth of diving equipment, which had to be tracked, ordered, and verified with the Navy's Preventive Maintenance System.Department HeadUS Navy SEAL Team Three - San Diego, CA - 2007 to 2009Leadership as the single Command Diving Representative in charge of 110 divers and theiradministrative requirements as divers. Managed monthly requalification dives implemented a robust tracking system, at the command level, that was used throughout the US Navy to track career dives and exposures to diving environments.Designed, implemented, and maintained a Microsoft SharePoint site allowing individuals to track themselves and find answers to basic diving questions. Working directly for theJoshua M. Smith efficiencyofmovement.comOperations Officer, I assisted in planning phases for three two-week training evolutions located in remote areas around San Diego.Diver Second ClassConsolidated Divers Unit - San Diego, CA - 2004 to 2007As an Assistant Lead Petty Officer, I was tasked with ships' husbandry dives as well as hyperbaric operations. I performed high-level maintenance on the hyperbaric systemslocated at the command. As part of the dive team, I performed over 50 hyperbaricoperations with objectives varying from requalification dives to special operations test screening to hyperbaric oxygen treatments for wounded service members.ASU Bahrain Petty OfficerUS Navy Training Command - 1998 to 2004Duties I performed included maintenance of various pumping and fuel transfer systems onboard USS Cleveland, departmental operations, HAZMAT coordination,EDUCATIONBusiness Administration in Management Information SystemsSan Diego State University - San Diego, CA 2014 to 2016High School DiplomaAlburnett Consolidated School - Alburnett, IA 1996Associate's in ScienceSan Diego Mesa College - San Diego, CASKILLSZurb Foundation, Photoshop, git, scss/sass, HTML5, CSS3ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONProfessional Skills• Expert in front-end Wordpress• Advanced level of PHP and Wordpress code operations• Daily use of Google Analytics and Webmaster Tools• Created successful Facebook Ads; targeted.• Expert in OSX operating system and Apple products with 10 years of experience.• Expert with Microsoft office.• Professional experience with web development HTML5, CSS3, PHP, JavaScript, jQuery, WordPress, version control, GitHub.• Expert knowledge of Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator.• Created and maintain my personal website which is home to my blog about productivity and my portfolio of sites and logoJoshua M. Smith efficiencyofmovement.comProfessional Websites• Busy Little Bees | busylittlebees.org• Animal Rescue of Tracy | animalrescuetracy.org • Mom and Dom's Pizza | momandomspizza.com • Rick Armstrong Art | deepseadiveart.com• MOS Deep Shop | mosdeepshop.com• PH Pools and Spa | phpoolsandspa.com• Begin Being | beginbeing.com• Sandiegan | sandiegan.com• Efficiency of Movement | efficiencyofmovement.com