Joshua Taylor Real Estate AttorneyWalnut Creek, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joshua-Taylor/b0b2b3504f09540112 years experience in all manner of general business and corporate transactions with an expertise in real estate and finance. Looking for an opportunity to serve in an in-house capacity.WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyCity Attorney's Office - City of San Jose - San Jose, CA - January 2015 to PresentProvide legal advice to the Office of Economic Development in connection with real estate transactions that involve the City of San Jose. Prepare and negotiate agreements in connection with real estate purchases, sales and leases. Provide advice in connection with the management of real estate assets owned by the City, including the SAP Center, San Jose Airport and the Earthquake’s Soccer Stadium. Negotiate leases of City owned properties. Review title documents, surveys, environmental reports and other real property studies and resolve concerns discovered in the review. Advise the City Attorney regarding compliance with laws and overall impacts on the City of San Jose in connection with real estate transactions and projects in which the City of San Jose has an interest.Skills UsedLegal advice, negotiations, business advice and consulting. Drafting contracts, leases, purchase and sale agreements and construction contracts.Associate AttorneyManatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP - San Francisco, CA - September 2006 to January 2015Provided legal and business advice to institutions, developers, individuals, and investment companies in connection with the ownership, management, development and investment in real estate assets, business and projects. Prepared and negotiated agreements in connection with real estate acquisitions, financings, debt restructuring, joint ventures and bond transactions. Managed due diligence investigations for real estate lending transactions and purchase transactions. Negotiated and reviewed partnership agreements, operating agreements and other documents in connection with real estate transactions. Negotiated retail and office leases. Reviewed and audited portfolios of real estate assets owned by lenders and provided advice concerning the management and sale of the assets. Reviewed and investigated title documents, surveys, environmental reports and other real property studies and reports. Managed real estate litigation. Advised clients regarding the regulatory compliance of new real estate projects.Associate AttorneyMcDonough, Holland and Allen, PC - Sacramento, CA - May 2005 to September 2006Prepared and reviewed loan agreements and other finance documents in connection with financings and purchases of real estate assets. Analyzed and reviewed corporate organizational documents, title insurance documents, environmental studies, property surveys, leases and legal opinions associated with real estate finance transactions and purchase and sales of planned communities and multifamily residential projects.Tax ConsultantDeloitte & Touché, LLP - San Francisco, CA - August 2003 to April 2005￼Advised clients on the tax and business consequences of engaging in various tax structuring transactions related to financial investments and real estate investments. Reviewed joint venture agreements and audited transaction documents for compliance with regulatory requirements. Prepared tax returns and related documents for international and domestic corporations, partnerships and limited liability companies.Summer AssociateLeland, Parachini, Steinberg, Matzger & Melnick - June 2002 to August 2002Conducted legal research and document review in connection with various legal matters. Prepared legal memoranda with respect to specific legal questions and litigation matters.Department of JusticeImmigration and Customs Enforcement - June 2001 to August 2001Summer Law ClerkConducted legal research and document review in connection with litigation matters. Assisted legal counsel in the preparation of cases and review of evidence in connection with enforcement matters.EDUCATIONJ.D. in Communication and Entertainment Law JournalUniversity of California, Hastings College of Law - San Francisco, CA 2003B.A. in Economics and Political ScienceWashington University in St Louis - St. Louis, MO 2000SKILLSContract drafting, legal research, negotiation, business advice and consulting, legal advice and consulting.GROUPSUrban Land InstituteDecember 2011 to Present Professional real estate organization.Real Estate Round TableJanuary 2006 to PresentProfessional real estate organization focused on real estate developments in the San Francisco Bay Area.Bay Area CounselJanuary 2014 to PresentOrganization focused on supporting businesses in the San Francisco Bay Area with specific focus on influencing government in the areas of transportation, regulation and healthcare.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONRECENT TRANSACTIONS• Advised client in connection with the purchase and financing of a retail building in the Union Square district of San Francisco, including the preparation and negotiation of joint venture agreements on behalf of investors.• Advised client in connection with the purchase of multiple contiguous improved and unimproved properties in Phoenix, Arizona. Provided advice in connection with the redevelopment of the property for retail, office and residential use. Negotiated joint venture agreements in connection with the development of the project. Negotiated financing documents in connection with the development of the project.• Advised family investment office and family trust regarding formation of company, investment strategies, equity investments, employment matters and joint ventures in connection with its investments in real estate throughout the United States.• Advised family trust in connection with financings and investments in real estate projects in the United States.• Advised a client in connection with the purchase and financing of a property located in Sacramento, California that was a former military base. The advice included negotiating and organizing the purchase from the City of Sacramento, negotiating loan documents, and resolving zoning and land use concerns and providing advice in connection with environmental remediation efforts. Portions of the property will be redeveloped as warehouse space and office space.• Advised client in connection with the purchase of real estate assets in connection with the merger of two non- profit hospital systems, including the restructure of the manner in which the real estate was held and leased. Negotiated new leases in connection with the hospital facilities. Provided advice in connection with tax exempt bonds and the restructure of tax exempt bonds.• Advised a client in connection with the redevelopment of a renewable energy power facility in Hawaii and the restructuring of the debt encumbering the assets of the company. I provided ongoing advice and consultation to the principal investors in connection with the ownership, management and operation of the facility, including the negotiation of joint venture agreements and other agreement in connection with capital raising efforts.• Advised client with the purchase and redevelopment of a retail property in Huntington Beach, California. The property will be redeveloped as a residential apartment complex.• Advised client in connection with the sale of a hotel, restaurant and vacation rental property in Napa, California.• Advised client in connection with the investment and development of a residential seaside subdivision in Tiburon, California.• Advised client in connection with the purchase and redevelopment of a 300-unit residential project in Hawaii. Including negotiation of construction contracts and advice regarding ongoing construction efforts.• Advised client in connection with the purchase of a $110 million real estate secured loan and subsequent foreclosure of a residential tower in San Francisco, California.• Advised client in connection with a $20 million tax-exempt bond financing for a factory building in Los Angeles. Including negotiation of joint venture agreements and leases in connection with the construction and financing of the building.