Justin DorseyOdenton, MD - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Justin-Dorsey/99a095f5e2cfb979WORK EXPERIENCENetworking InternInformation Technology Academy - Beltsville, MDNETWORKING INTERN Information technology academyI have terminated ethernet cables and assisted with the planning and implementing of a enterprise style network including a Cisco switch, Fios router, WAP, a few dozen desktops, and printers. I have used PUTTY software to configure the Cisco switch and have configured routers and WAP's by accessing their IP address. I have assisted setting up networks on Windows OS. I can also install OS's and troubleshoot computer related issues too.JUSTANI FITNESS Personal trainerJustani Fitness is a sole proprietorship. As the owner I managed any administrative work, marketing, and the personal training of each new client. My common administrative work included producing contracts for clients and businesses that I worked with in microsoft word, updating my schedule and creating effective systems that increased the efficiency of my business. I made excellent use of microsoft excel and produced templates that simply needed to be filled out, I premade contracts in microsoft word that simply needed to be signed and filled out, and I created applications that would automatically update my calender with appointments, send reminders, and sign in client's. Concerning marketing, I created flyers using photoshop and created powerpoint presentations. I presented my powerpoints to crowds of people and distributed my flyers to nearby shops. Lastly as a personal trainer I created workout programs for clients that would help them to reach their fitness goals. We set a timeline and accomplished the goal in the set amount of time.VERIZON WIRELESS Customer service specialistI was charged with meeting both business goals and the needs of the customer by building a positive rapport with them while resolving all of their concerns. It was also my job to increase company profitability by selling accessories, adding new lines of service, or by selling additional features to the customers' account. Furthermore I did extensive troubleshooting that ranged from hardware and software issues with a customer's phone, to computer to phone interface issues, to networking issues to simply educating customers on proper use and care of their device. I was also responsible for leading huddles and getting our team excited about the day ahead of us. I was the designated point of contact for other team members when the supervisor was not available.￼EDUCATIONBachelors of ScienceMorgan state university 2012LINKS http://youtu.be/d7szhvkirC0AWARDSSave the discoJuly 2014Best call in the entire Verizon wireless enterprise that prevented a customer from disconnecting his service with us. I won a smartphone for this.Recognizing youApril 2014 April-December 2014For exceeding sales quotes consistently each month.ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Selected Skills:Strong multi-tasking skills Strong MS Office competencyAbility to work independently Strong decision making skills￼