Kai WuWeb Developer - Atomic InfotechIssaquah, WA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kai-Wu/923df2c4f60b3336WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperAtomic Infotech - Bellevue, WA - June 2013 to Present• Full stack development of the company's core product, a social intranet for small/medium sized retailers, which includes a variety of reports and tools.• Develop and maintain websites for various clients. (mudbay.com, pawn1.com, bakstadconstruction.com)Major Projects:- conversion of the server side code from PHP to node.js modules.- conversion of front end code to use Handlebars.js templates and Bootstrap instead of Mustache.- a CouchDB based forms system that allows user to create dynamic forms, from various HR applications to store audits.- a fully custimizable workflow system that helps the client to manage and handle their tasks, which includes HR requests, special order process, inventory adjustment requests, and many more. It works both standalone and as an extension of the forms tool.- a till count app that uses backbone.js. It provides a calculator to help store users to close out their cashdrawers at end of the day, and allows the manager to review the results.- a light CMS for mudbay.com that is integrated in the social intranet, it allows the client to change their stores and employment information along with various listings and uploading store images.- a gallery tool that's used for uploading and managing images so they can be used in blog posts and product pages.Web Programming InternOltis Software - Bellevue, WA - June 2012 to December 2012• Development and design of the Retirelogix web/mobile application. • Development of the company's official website and product site.Web Content Manager InternOlympus Games - Bellevue, WA - June 2011 to August 2011• Development and design of gmod.com.• Testing and debugging installer software. • Search engine testing/optimization.LibrarianKing County Library System - Issaquah, WA - March 2007 to September 2008EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Applied Computational Mathematics and ScienceUniversity of Washington - Seattle, WA September 2008 to June 2013￼SKILLSWeb Technology: HTML(Handlebars.js), CSS(Bootstrap, Less), Javascript(Node.js, JQuery, Underscore/Lo- Dash, Angular.js, Backbone.js), PHP, SQL(MySQL, Microsoft SQL), NOSQL(CouchDB, MongoDB)