Karam J. Aljaafar (BEng, MBA) Electromechanical EngineerHouston, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Karam-J-Aljaafar/e996edc3ab97c49bMulti-disciplinary design engineer with strong core mechatronics engineering skillset extending into project engineering management. Background in robust, rugged systems including high temperature electronics, downhole oil exploration instrumentation, and electromechanical systems analysis, design and control, in the context of harsh environment electrodynamics and alternative energy. Capable of delivering a synergy between physics-based engineering and planning, leading complete project life cycles. Knowledge and experience understanding patent filing and a registered co-inventor of new inventions currently patent pending.Specialized in:- R&D, Product Development Management.- High Temperature Electronics.- Downhole Instruments and Tools.- Knowledge of HPHT materials, seals, experience with hydraulics, gear design, actuators and electronics packaging, wiring harnesses, connectors, batteries and power management.- Reliability Testing (Temperature, Shock & Vibration)- Patent writing.Previous project : Design, develop, prototype, and qualify new innovative downhole Intelligent Circulation While Drilling (ICWD) tool, would significantly reduce drilling cost in the challenging upstream exploration and development environments.Usage of the tool is expected to save more than USD 50 million in drilling cost per year in Malaysia as the upstream operations move into new and increasingly harsh and challenging drilling territories.It will help drillers cure losses encountered in difficult wells and allow for continuous drilling operations without the limitations of the current technologies.WORK EXPERIENCEMBA CandidateUniversity Malaysia Kelantan - Kuala Lumpur - October 2013 to March 2015Senior Design Engineerwww.MIT-Technologies.com - Kuala Lumpur - December 2012 to July 2014- Product and technology development that targets revenue and profit growth through a market understanding of technology needs and application methodology.- Design for testability, reliability, manufacturability, and for maintainability.- Designing measurement systems (pressure, temperature, vibration, speed, current, position) for downhole tool.- Designing and packaging of electronic and electro-mechanical assemblies for while drilling environment at high mechanical shocks and high temperature and high pressure operating conditions.- Evaluating epoxies and encapsulation materials for electronic assemblies and identified adhesives that substantially increased product reliability.- Designing an in house fixture for sub-assemblies to check responses from electromechanical system in subs, simulating actual downhole conditions.- Developing assembly and deployment procedures for electronics and instruments in the final tool.￼- System reliability model prediction, interpret analysis and allocation of components for high temperature drilling tool to meet system reliability requirement which resulted in components identified for design improvement.- Responsible for performing system integration and design detailed analysis (stress, FMEA, tolerance analysis, reliability, etc) of existing products to determine weaknesses and implement improvements.- Assisting with budgeting and scheduling of multi-year product development cycle.- Coordinate and direct project, making detailed plans to accomplish goals and directing the integration of technical activities.- Provide timely reports to executive management for projects’ schedule and budget.- Preparing and presenting product demonstrations and information for client.- Generating multiple concepts for patent application and future development projects.- Facilitating transition of equipment manufacturing from engineering to supply chain.Design Engineer - Electromechanicalwww.MIT-Technologies.com - Kuala Lumpur - June 2010 to November 2012- Design, develop, prototype, and qualify High Temperature & Harsh Environment complex electronic systems. - Responsible for designing mechatronic devices by using sensors, actuators, gears, solenoids and springs. - Knowledge of harsh environment wiring harness design, feedthru and connectors.- Develop innovative concepts and solutions. Capture patentable ideas and designs (IP).- Design and implementation of laboratory, test well, and field trials. - Perform test build of new equipment; perform prototype testing.- Generate procedures (assembly, test etc).- Generate engineering test reports.- Design, build and commission new test equipment for the test lab as required.- Advising on ordering of equipment for new tools and development work.- Carry out comprehensive electromechanical and electronic testing of design prototypes and finished products to international standards in on-site test laboratory.- Qualification testing of new components and new product configurations.- Assist in measurement and assessment of small mechanical components.- Coordinated patent writing and provisional patent filing.- Provide research support to design engineers.- Keep up to date with research and technology advancements in the industry.- Prepare technical papers and reports.- Evaluation of competitive product.Research AssistantIIUM University (www.iium.edu.my) - Kuala Lumpur - August 2011 to August 2012(Design of Electromagnetic Induction Vibration Energy Harvesting Device for Downhole Applications)Powering downhole and undersea equipment in remote locations via either stored energy or wireline connection is not ideal due to the necessity of retrieval for recharge and physical connection to the surface respectively. Under certain conditions the drill string vibrates and interacts with the bore hole to create an undesirable whirling vibration mode. This mode is damaging to the string and wastes energy. The primary purpose of this research is to describe the design of a device that is capable of harvesting vibration energy from the drill string while simultaneously collecting information about the frequency of the vibration. As a part of this research, the extractable energy available in the vibration for a given size envelope is to be estimated and compared to the power requirements of common downhole componentEDUCATIONMBA in MarketingUniversity Malaysia Kelantan (UMK) - Kuala Lumpur 2013 to 2015MSc, Mechatronics Engineering in “Design of Electromagnetic Induction Vibration Energy Harvesting Device for Downhole Applications”IIUM Universtiy - Kuala Lumpur2010 to 2013Bachelor of Science (BSc) in Mechatronics, Robotics, and Automation EngineeringUCSI - Kuala Lumpur 2007 to 2010LINKS http://www.linkedin.com/in/karamjjCERTIFICATIONSBasic Offshore Safety and Emergency Training (B.O.S.E.T)October 2013 to October 2017DS-1 Forth Edition School (Drill String Design and Failure Prevention)June 2014 to PresentPATENTSDownhole Drilling Applications(#Patents Pending)1. Method & Apparatus to Control the Mud Flow in Drill Strings Aug 20122. Method & Apparatus to Harvest Energy Inside Wellbore Aug 20123. Method and Apparatus to Remotely Change The Area of Drill Bit May 2012 4. Method and Apparatus of Control Drilling Fluid Losses Apr 2012APPARATUS AND METHOD TO REMOTELY CONTROL FLUID FLOW IN TUBULAR STRINGS AND WELLBORE ANNULUS(#PCT/MY2013/000078) http://patentscope.wipo.int/search/en/WO2013154420October 2013The present invention discloses a method and apparatus for remotely and selectively control fluid flow through tubular string disposed within a wellbore and further control fluid flow between the tubular string inner flow passage and the annular flow passage. The present invention further discloses a method of selectively and remotely receiving and interpreting a form of command or information at a desired apparatus within the wellbore caused by the operator on earth surface.METHOD AND APPARATUS FOR REMOTELY CHANGING FLOW PROFILE IN CONDUIT AND DRILLING BIT(#20130341035)http://www.freepatentsonline.com/y2013/0341035.htmlDecember 2013The present invention relates to apparatus and methods for remotely adjusting the drill bit hydraulic horse power per square inch (HSI). Varying the nozzle geometry remotely without the need to pull the drill string￼￼￼outside the hole has obvious advantage. Changing the nozzle glow geometry results in changing the nozzle HSI which is beneficial to optimize drilling different rock formations in different drilling environment. There are many concepts to vary the nozzle size while drilling. The drill bit nozzle geometry can be varied by causing a change of at least one physical property of the environment.The variable geometry nozzle is not limited to drill bit, it can be placed within the inner flow passage or between the inner flow passage and annular flow passage for controlling flow profile within a wellbore, a tubular string or a flow conduit.