Katherine PouchieOrlando, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Katherine-Pouchie/96600de4fb9fd6efA personal experience ensures that a guest or client will leave a situation feeling as though she is genuinely cared about. This will create repeat and possibly life long business from her. This is what I work toward in every interaction I have with each guest. Connecting with people is how I guarantee success at what I do and what make me an asset to any company that I work for. Working within guidelines set forth by my employer and temperaments of the guest, I am able to make a positive lasting impression with individuals securing an exceptional reputation for my company via word of mouth.WORK EXPERIENCECashierTarget - Orlando, FL - 2010 to PresentAs a cashier at Target, I create AMAZING moments for our guests. I am the last representative of Target that many of our guest will encounter. I ensure that our guest leave with a positive image of Target. I enter every situation with guest with an open mind and a fresh start with a "make it right" attitude. In addition to meeting and exceeding goals, such as Redcard conversion percent, cashier speed, and survey scores, I attempted to bring a personal touch to my interactions with guest using humor and my extensive knowledge of Target procedures.Lead Front Desk ReceptionistMedical Center Radiology Group - 2006 to 2008Working in the medical field, the types of situations one will come across vary drastically. Remaining professional and protecting patient information is of the upmost importance. As a receptionist, I accomplished this along with having an individualized and supportive experience with all clients. Evaluating each situation and filtering the client to the appropriate next step while maintaining the his or her integrity was of the upmost importance to me.Refund Research SpecialistBill America - 2005 to 2006Bill America gave me the opportunity to refine my ability to resolve a situation. I researched any bill and/ or payment issues a client had while maintaining a professional and positive demeanor. Maintaining client confidentiality concerning client medical information was top priority. Interception insurance issues and client concerns required me to think and act quickly.Assistant Manager/Sales AssociateLady Foot Locker - 2003 to 2006Leading and motivating a team at LFL demonstrated that I must not only think about the customer but the employee as well. Rallying my team to meet sales goals and promote new merchandise were included in my daily routine as I strived to maintain an appropriately fun atmosphere.￼