Kelly BrusselGraduate Advisor, Admissions SpecialistOrlando, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kelly-Brussel/8ffb4a8c17a10ad9WORK EXPERIENCEComputer Science Graduate AdvisorUniversity of Central Florida - Orlando, FL - November 2014 to PresentProvides advisory services for all Computer Science Graduate programs, serving over 300 students across numerous programs including the accelerated Bachelor's to Master's, Master's (Thesis and Non-Thesis tracks), Digital Forensics (Thesis and Non-Thesis tracks), and PhD programs. Serves as the primary contact for all student communications and questions. Oversees and processes paperwork related to graduate admissions, plans of study and degree audits, assistantship agreements and hiring paperwork, thesis and dissertation committee formation and revision, PhD qualifying reviews, PhD candidacy exams, MS portfolio reviews, dissertation proposal and defenses, and graduation certification.Burnett School of Biomedical Sciences Office AssistantUniversity of Central Florida - Orlando, FL - June 2013 to November 2014Working within the Burnett School of Biomedical Sciences. Primary departmental duties included organizing travel arrangements for incoming visitors by creating requisitions, managing purchase orders, compiling travel documentation, and completing reimbursement paperwork. Further responsibilities included assisting Researchers and Faculty by performing tasks such as editing grants and manuscripts and acting as a Teaching Assistant for Graduate and PhD-level courses. Daily tasks consisted of providing general administrative and clerical support for Faculty and lab staff, including but not limited to: Ensuring building security by verifying access permissions and programming keys for restricted areas, assisting with the shipment of sensitive materials, and coordinating the conference room scheduleTour CoordinatorAmerican Ring Travel - Winter Garden, FL - October 2012 to May 2013Responsible for the organization and execution of over-the-road bus tours for international clients. Primary tasks consisted of booking hotels, transportation, excursions, and guides, as well as extensive accounting and record keeping. Further responsibilities included maintaining positive business relationships, from international booking agents to domestic tour-related service providers, including conflict-resolution.Guest Services RepresentativeComfort Inn & Suites - Orlando, FL - May 2011 to October 2012Collected and recorded client information to create reservations and perform check-ins and check-outs. Processed payments, reconciled accounts, and performed overnight audit duties. Acted as the primary liaison between guests and management, maintenance, housekeeping, and sales. Ensured timely responses to questions and resolutions to issues. Proven success across multiple shifts, including first shift, second shift, and audit.Department of Housing & Residence Life Office Assistant / CoordinatorUniversity of Central Florida - Orlando, FL - January 2009 to May 2011ResponsibilitiesSupervisor to a staff of Office Assistants, which includes providing training and delegating tasks to maintain order and safety in the Office and Community. Proactively enhanced residents’ quality of life by mitigating￼issues and fostering positive community interactions. Acting as the primary point of contact between residents, community guests, and all office staff.EDUCATIONMaster of Arts in Educational LeadershipUniversity of Central Florida 2013 to PresentBachelor's Degree in LiteratureUniversity of Central Florida - Orlando, FL 2007 to 2011SKILLSPeopleSoft, Microsoft Office Suite, Student Services, Administration, Invoicing, Travel CoordinationLINKS http://www.linkedin.com/pub/kelly-brussel/8/56a/502/ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONQUALIFICATIONSPrograms and Applications• PeopleSoft HR and Student Records Management • Oracle CRM Management• Oracle Financials• GradInfo, GWIS, and ViewStar• dnaFusion Keycard Access System• VMWare Virtual Desktop• Onity Keycard Access System• Microsoft Office• DoodleAdministrative• Long term project management.• Extensive record-keeping and data entry.• Organization and delegation of tasks to various staff members and departments.Financial• Creating purchase requisitions, managing purchase orders, and completing reimbursement paperwork. • Trusted use and documentation of a departmental credit card.• Completing hiring paperwork and ePAFs for Graduate student employees.Communication• High-volume call management, as well as extensive work with email, fax, and instant message communications.• Professional and well-articulated.￼Documentation• Record-keeping, accounting, invoicing, and money balancing. • Production of documents and reports utilizing Microsoft Excel. • Typing speed of 65 words per minute.