Kenneth MerrimanHermosa Beach, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kenneth-Merriman/2cd9220d2576f168Experienced with web, print, computer graphics, photography, video and manufacturing production. Project Lead on local and global Information Technology projects. Proven ability with Project Planning, Budget Planning, Project Management, and Team Development. Familiar with Brand Marketing, Advertising, Social Networking, Search Engine Optimization, Contract Management, Vendor Negotiations, Customer Relationship Management, Systems Development Life Cycle, Business Process Reengineering, Six Sigma, Contingency Planning, Return on Investment, Human Resource Management and Information Security.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperWebU2 - Redondo Beach, CA - 2012 to PresentWebsite design, creation, and maintenance for business that want to increase Internet presence. • Create and maintain client websites using Drupal and Wordpress content management systems. • Use HTML, CSS, PHP, JavaScript, jQuery, Dreamweaver, Adobe CS, and Maya.3D Modeling & Animation ArtistStellar Rush Entertainment - Redondo Beach, CA - 2010 to Present3D modeling and animation.• Use Autodesk Maya to create 3D modeling and animation for brand logo design, logo video bumper, video animation, and digital image illustration.Senior Client Services AssociateMattel, Inc - El Segundo, CA - 1999 to 20096 billion annual revenue manufacturer of toy products with worldwide distribution.• Achieved $100,000 annual savings from reduction in computer rental with development of asset inventory tracking system. Included process handling for computer deployment, redeployment, reconditioning, obsolete asset disposal and minimum/maximum ordering. Produced a reduction of new computer purchases that was aligned with required annual budget reduction.• Implemented a server based, software distribution application for the Mac computers. Software was automatically pushed to user's computer on schedule in batch as well as manually in single instance request. Resulted in a 100% accuracy of software installation, accurate license compliance auditing, and reduction in technician labor through standardization of system configuration and auto-recovery feature.• Project Lead for inventory scanning software, maintaining support, system configuration standardization and software compliance on 800+ Macintosh systems worldwide in United States, China, South America, Canada, Mexico, and Europe.• In-house expert on Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, ImageReady, Acrobat, QuarkXPress, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Access, Mac, XServe, Windows.• Project Lead for Graphic Application Training 500+ graphic artists in Adobe and Alias software.• Project Lead for annual upgrade program of 900+ PC computers and 100+ Mac computers.• IT support for 2500+ PC computer users in corporate headquarters as well as remote mobile computer systems for field sales representatives across the United States with BMC Remedy.• IT support, installation, and upgrades for 400+ Mac computers as well as Apple XServe servers integrated in a PC environment at corporate headquarters.Preflight Director￼Insync Media - Inglewood, CA - 1995 to 199727 million printing company.• Previewed and troubleshot all elements of client's supplied digital files to assure completeness.• Imaged digital files to film for printing.• Interfaced with client to resolve specification problems or missing elements.• Planned approach to final electronic pre-press production and document specifications for stripping, trapping, stayaways, and color retouch.• Processed files and interfaced with internal departments.Supervisor Macintosh OperationsFrank Schaffer Publications - Torrance, CA - 1993 to 199425 million annual publisher of teacher aid material for the educational market.• Supervised 5 graphic designers in execution of 200+ yearly products and advertising catalogs.• Implemented procedure logistics, personnel training, and computer equipment to convert entire operation, including editorial, graphic arts, advertising, and art departments, from traditional mechanical environment into full in-house Macintosh digital production environment.• Supplied technical support to local and off-site personnel in Illinois and California.• Interfaced with editors, project managers, art directors, advertising director, and senior management to determine, schedule and execute activities to accomplish company goals.Manager Electronic Pre-PressPace Publications Arts - Anaheim, CA - 1990 to 19922 million annual revenue commercial printing company.• Managed 6 pre-press operators on 2 shifts in digital pre-press department. • Providing computer recommendations.• Performed vendor negotiations.• Performed LAN installation and IT support on computers.Production Planning ManagerTeledyne Microelectronics - Los Angeles, CA - 1987 to 1989Manufacturer of electronic components used in military computer systems, weapons and missiles.Managed 4 production control planners on a daily basis to obtain tracking status, reports, and disbursed priority lists for over 1,000 individual hybrid components.Vice President of OperationsRainbow Kite Company - Venice, CA - 1985 to 1987Manufactured high-tech stunt kites made of aluminum, Kevlar line, and rip-stop nylon.• Negotiated all purchasing, implemented computer based "Just-In-Time" inventory control system, reduced standing inventory by 66% freeing up cash investment,• Accelerated sales order processing from 3 weeks to 24 hours.• Guided marketing research, product design, and production process on four new products.Production Control Planner/AnalystLear Siegler, Inc - Santa Monica, CA - 1981 to 1985This division manufactured flight control systems for the F-16, F-18, and stealth fighter DOD aircraft.Primary directive to coordinate the pre-production development of "fly-by-wire" flight control computers for Department of Defense contract with a DX-9 rating that allowed the U.S. government to take control of entire division if deliverables were not achieved.EDUCATIONMaster of Arts in Information Technology ManagementWebster University - St. Louis, MOMaster of Business AdministrationWebster University - St. Louis, MOBachelor of Arts in CinemaUniversity of Southern California - Los Angeles, CALINKS http://kenmerriman.com￼