Khurshed AhamedSQL Developer, Database Developer, Programmer, Software DeveloperWauchula, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Khurshed-Ahamed/b7c537a1738aa25bProfessional Summary:• A logical, analytical thinker with excellent managerial skills possesses 7+ year experience as Software / Database Developer.• Extensive experience in writing SQL query, stored procedures, functions, views and trigger.• Extensive experience in writing and tuning complex sub queries, SQL, PL/SQL stored procedures, functions, and triggers.• Experience in requirement analysis, coding and testing various modules in a software development life cycle. • Experience and success designing, developing and integrating corporate Database Software Application with VB 6.0, VB.net, C#.net, SQL Server, SSRS and Crystal Report• Expertise preparing report specifications and database designs to support reporting requirements.• Excellent knowledge of troubleshooting and debugging with effective resolution.• Ability to manage and execute multiple projects simultaneously.• Superior communication, analytical, and problem-solving skills.• Eager to learn new skills and techniques to improve my efficiency at workplace.• Confident and patient worker with a positive attitude.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware Developer (Inventory System, SQL Database)AS & ZS Enterprise LLC - Wauchula, FL - September 2014 to Present Responsibilities• Perform data integrity checks by scheduling jobs and stored procedures.• Develop a business continuity plan for the SQL Server Databases.• Creation of triggers used to transactions taking place within the database.• Generate reports with Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Service and Crystal Report.• Build ETL processes utilizing SSIS and DTS, including FTP data from remote location, transform it, mart it to data warehouse and provide proper error handling and alerting.• Create triggers to keep track of changes to the fields of tables when changes are made.• Physical design and implementation SQL Server databases.• Perform regular reviews of the database to identify performance problems, inadequate programming, and data duplication problems.Software Developer (Software Application, SQL Database & BI)SysCare Ltd - September 2010 to June 2013 Achievements:￼• Highly experienced in installing, configuring and administering SQL Server 2005/2008/2008 R2 along with the service packs• Upgraded and migrated several servers and databases from SQL Server 7.0 to SQL Server 2005/2008/2008 R2• Developed scripts to migrate data from multiple sources• Experienced with Business Intelligence in MS SQL Server 2005/2008 in SQL Server Reporting Services, SQL Server Analysis Services and SQL Server Integration Services.• Expert in Database Design activities including Data Files and File group organization, Capacity Planning, Data partitioning and Data Normalization.• Exposure to T-SQL programming and Architecture, and translated complex legacy process with T-SQL procedure, functions and package.• Upgraded and migrated several servers and databases from SQL Server 7.0 to SQL Server 2005/2008/2008 R2• Developed scripts to migrate data from multiple sources using BCP Utility, Bulk Insert commands, SSIS and DTS Packages, Import/Export Wizard and Copy Database Wizard.• Expert in creating complex Stored Procedures, Functions, Cursors and effective triggers to facilitate efficient data manipulation and data integrity.• Developed SSIS packages for integrating data using OLE DB connection from many sources (Excel, CSV, Flat file, Text format data)• Tuned SQL Queries by examining execution plans, creating plan guides, tuning indexes.• Developing management reports using SSRS and Crystal Reports also, customized existing Reports and developed new Reports to suit client requirements.• Developed and maintained enterprise MIS solution (Accounting, finance, sales and delivery module) which involved different phases of SDLC together with analysis, design, collaborating with software architect and performance testing which development tools used VB 6.0, VB.Net, C#.net, ADO.net, SQL Server 2008 & Crystal Report.• Multilingual stock management application manages finish product in factory house, calculated costs, and budgeted finances, assisted in developing new calculation procedures. System developed by C#.net coding, ADO.net data control with SQL Server 2008 and maintained SSRS and Crystal Reports to meet specified business requirements.• Lead to design and develop SQL database development for “Finance Module” consist of complex stored procedures, triggers, views, and tables. Also, performed DBA tasks such as monitoring, tuning, backups, management and trouble-shooting.• Cutting-Edge Human Resource Management System handled all the hire, termination, and transfer process electronically which developed many of the C#.NET Win forms and update database structure to confirm the changing business/application requirements of the end users.• Work with team and manage multiple projects at the same time.Analyst ProgrammerDATACOM, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia - February 2009 to June 2010• Analysis, development, and tune and rewrite the SQL Statement, function, stored procedures, triggers, views, trigger and tables structure using MS SQL Server Management Studio• Create and schedule jobs that automate processes• Produce Ad-hoc reporting upon request Deliver Ad-hoc reporting to project managers upon request• Data replication from processing server into reporting server• Database maintenance: archive and move data from one server to another includes keeping data integrity• Work with DTS and conversion to SSIS• Create and modify SSIS packages and SSRS reports• Role played implementing, architecting and globalizing update version of “Sales” application which use technologies VB.NET, ASP.NET, SQL Server 2005.• Designing and implementing user interface, update coding standards and performed testing, troubleshooting and debugging of source code.• Developed business logic, phase modular architecture, tested prototype, and contributed to deployment.Programmer / SQL DeveloperALBIT COM, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia - August 2007 to December 2008• Developed SQL Database integrated business logic access to various SQL resources (views, tables, stored procedures, index, and trigger) and monitored performance of the SQL Server and Optimized SQL queries.• Use SSIS to create a data flow process of inbound and outbound files• Design document layouts and print outputs by using an in house custom formatter.• Conversion from a Mainframe platform to an SSIS and SQL server process• Created components for the discount processing also develop VB.NET win form which associated business objects for the Presentation Layer and connected to backend database by ADO.NETAccomplished ProjectsAcademic Achievements: - 2003 to 2007Accomplishments• Lab Management, Year 2007 (Australian Catholic University)• Stock Scanning, Year 2006 (Australian Catholic University) • Golf Club, Year 2005 (Australian Catholic University)• Online Banking, Year 2002 (NIIT)• e-shop, Year 2003 (NIIT)EDUCATIONDiploma in eTechnology Software EngineeringNIIT - Dhaka 2003 to 2020Bachelor in Information SystemAustralian Catholic University, North Sydney, NSW, Australia 2005 to 2007Diploma in Network EngineeringAustralian College of Technology 2004 to 2005ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Technical Proficiency:• Programming and Scripting: VB, VB.NET, C#.NET, ADO.NET, ASP.NET, C++, VC++, J2EE, Java Applet, JSP, ASP, CSS, XML, HTML, VBScript, JavaScript, Perl, CGI• Database: MS SQL Server 7.0 to 2008 R2 including (SSIS, SSRS, SSAS), MYSQL, MS Access• Report: Crystal Report, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)• OS: Win XP, 7, NT, 2000, 2003, 2008 Server, Linux• Others: VS 2000 to 2010, MS Office, LAN, FTP, IIS, Apache Web Server, Apache Tomcat. MS Doc, Excel and Access.