Kin LeungSoftware Developer - Bridgewater AssociatesFloral Park, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kin-Leung/15f9198a93d8f8b9WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperBridgewater Associates - December 2008 to PresentDeveloping in a Microsoft environment. Using C# on the .Net Framework for applications running on Windows OS, with a SQL Server database backend.• Building ETLs to ingest external data, and a service layer to host the data for downstream consumption.• Supporting legacy applications, migrating them to future platforms, or decommissioning them.• Providing maintenance and support during incidents, including quick turn bug fixes or temporary workarounds to achieve goals.Tech Operations Associate• Provided incident management for critical tech processes, including overnight support.• Made quick decisions based on risks to reduce downtime.• Followed through with providing problem management to improve processes. IT Helpdesk Support Associate• Provided technical services and incident support for users.Support ManagerLinedata Services - December 2004 to November 2008Managed a small team to support North American and Global clients.• Met with clients to understand business and technical requirements for strategic and tactical needs.• Project managed multiple short term projects simultaneously.• Managed critical disaster situations to reduce user downtime.DBA Support Associate• Responsible for maintaining Oracle databases on Windows platforms and providing performance analysis. • Implemented DR solutions using cold backups and archived logs.Application Support Associate• Provided application and database level support. Reviewed source code to investigate bugs and worked with developers to come up with solutions and enhancements. Coordinated with clients for UAT and releases.• Implemented customized solutions for clients based on their business requirements. Performed QA testing for fixes and enhancements.• Held training sessions on our applications for internal staff and clients.SkillsC#, .Net Framework, WCF, WinForms, SQL, Java, ASP (VBScript)EDUCATIONBachelors of Science in Computer ScienceStony Brook University May 2003￼