Kristofer SchneggRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kristofer-Schnegg/085a0f3577bc18c6WORK EXPERIENCERoute driverApogee trucking inc. - Rochester, NY - November 2013 to December 2014ResponsibilitiesPicked up donations for Savers stores. All types of furniture, household goods, clothing. Anything donated by cust. Loaded and transported safely adhering to DOT regs. Driving within a hundred mile radius.AccomplishmentsTimely pick up of 60 to 90stops per day. Keeping stores filled with merchandise. Helping other drivers with larger pick ups. Always courteous to just, and store personnel.Skills UsedSafe driving of 26 foot truck and smaller vehicles. Excellent map reading, GPS ability. Safe handling, loading, transport and unload of merchandise. Good customer service skills dealing with all types of people and situations. I took pride in helping people in need. Dealt with many hoarding situations.Route driver/ pesticide applicationsBroccoli Tree and Lawn - Rochester, NY - February 2012 to April 2013ResponsibilitiesRoute driver, doing fertilizer and pesticide application to 600 to 700 properties per season. Up to 50 a day. Cataloguing amount of products used on a job by job basis, filling ng proper paperwork at end of shifts. Loading and unloadeding of products,as well as application of products, daily in compliance with DOT and EPA regs.AccomplishmentsThe improvement of lawn and landscape designs through responsible applications of product, while always keeping environmental concerns a priority. As well as customer satisfaction, and meeting expectations of customers.Skills UsedRoute driving, according to DOT regs. Map and GPS ability throughout central NY. The learning of chemical regs, per the EPA as to application of product. Customers service skills in dealing personally with 50 to 60 customers a day. Resolving service issues as they develop daily.EDUCATIONAS in Liberal Arts with Science/ Math TractMonroe Community College - Rochester, NY 2003 to 2009SKILLSProfessional driver. DOT certified.￼ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONI have been in logistics and transportation since 1987. United Van Lines to DHL . I'm familiar in all aspects of proper loading / unloading and safe transport of goods. Straight trucks to vans.