Lauren Hanley-Brady AttorneySan Diego, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Lauren-Hanley-Brady/672908ff72bcf3afI'm interested in intellectual property licensing, interactive entertainment (video game) law, copyrights, trademarks, internet & data privacy law, as well as contract and online policy drafting (e.g. TOS/EULA, privacy/ BYOD/social media).I'm a geek at heart, I'm in the editing stage for my first young adult fantasy novel, and I practice German Medieval Long Sword and (recurve) archery on the weekends...when I'm not playing video games.WORK EXPERIENCEFreelance AttorneyHanley-Brady Law - San Diego, CA - February 2015 to PresentResponsibilitiesDrafting contracts, including:• Photography copyright licenses, studio rental agreements, fee schedules, model releases, and waivers of liability.• LLC operating agreement, durable power of attorney.• Review and summarize notable contract provisions for clients.• DMCA takedown notices and fair use assessments prior to sending; trademark infringement C&D letters.• Drafted a memo outlining an intellectual property strategy for a video game company re: their copyrightable materials, sound/music licensing deals, and potential trademark registrations.• Advised a startup game company on the verge of publishing about trademark issues and character licensing options.• Drafted IP ownership and indemnity clauses for a service agreement; drafted a separate service agreement for a game designer.• Trademark 1(b) applications; state TM apps; drafted a memo discussing options and strategy for future trademark registrations; State trademark applications.• Copyright registrations.Presenter & BloggerSelf-Employed - San Diego, CA - August 2014 to PresentI give presentations to local colleges and meetup groups about how the law affects content creation. Most of my presentations have been to video game development groups, but I am happy to present to anyone who creates content.See more about my presentations at www.hanleybradylaw.com/presentationsClinical Legal InternPillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP - New York, NY - January 2014 to April 2014Interned full-time for my final law school semester at the New York office of Pillsbury under the supervision of attorneys James Gatto and Meighan O'Reardon (and previously Sean Kane) in Pillsbury's Social Media and Games division, as well as its Global Sourcing department.￼• Researched and charted a state-by-state comparison of pending legislation for social media and internet gambling.• Created an attorney-review checklist for each kind of intellectual property, policy, and other documents requested in a social media audit.• Drafted high-level outlines for privacy policy and End User License Agreement (EULA) provisions; drafted templates for both a privacy policy and a EULA for firm use; edited and commented on the Terms of Service and DMCA copyright policy templates; drafted online policies for clients based on these templates.• Charted contract provisions for several re-seller distribution agreements in a due diligence check for a pending acquisition.• Attended and viewed numerous P.L.I. seminars on copyright, trademark, licensing, social media, technology, negotiation, and entertainment law.• Drafted a copyright license.• Reviewed a Bring Your Own Device policy and a Non Disclosure Agreement, then provided comments and suggestions for improvements or issues to watch for;• Analyzed several video game development and licensing agreements.Student PractitionerUSPTO Satellite Clinic at California Western SOL - San Diego, CA - August 2013 to December 2013 Responsibilities:• Conducted client intake interviews; reviewed client trademark ideas, goals, and current use/marketing progress; entered client and mark updates into clinic database.• Drafted and filed three successful ITU applications (all now published); assessed and dismissed several others.• Read, reviewed, and tested on TMEP concepts weekly per class requirements.• Participated in weekly debriefing meetings with the clinic adviser and other student practitioners regarding status updates on every client mark in the clinic.Law ClerkNew Media Rights - San Diego, CA - April 2012 to July 2013ResponsibilitiesTransactional Work• Researched and drafted memos to answer client queries on copyright/DMCA, trademark, contract, rights of publicity, data privacy, and internet law.• Created a video series to educate game developers about common legal issues for the New Media Rights YouTube channel. The series, "LAGD" (Legal Assistance for Game Developers), includes interviews with successful developers and others within the industry.• Presented a panel on copyright law and video games with Teri Karobonik at San Diego's Gam3rCon in July 2013, and to San Diego software developer groups in September 2013.Copyright Pre-Litigation• Drafted a case brief for outside counsel review• Drafted a Co-Counsel Agreement• Drafted research memos relating to the case• Drafted a copyright infringement complaint for Co-Counsel reviewLegal Research InternCalifornia Western SOL - San Diego, CA - May 2012 to October 2012Responsibilities• Conducted research on export difficulties for San Diego small-to-medium businesses with the goal of validating the need for developing an online customized checklist for regulatory compliance.• Presented findings and suggestions to individuals from the San Diego Port, World Trade Center San Diego, the Bureau of Industry and Security, and export consultants.EDUCATIONJ.D. in Intellectual PropertyCalifornia Western School of Law - San Diego, CA 2011 to 2014Certificate in Intellectual Property LawUCSD Extension - San Diego, CA 2010 to 2010B.S. in Television, Film & New Media ProductionSan Diego State University - San Diego, CA 2004 to 2009SKILLSLegal Research, Intellectual Property, Licensing, Drafting, Contract, Interactive Entertainment, Copyright, Trademark, Privacy, Cyber Law, Data Privacy, Online Policy, Social Media Policy, Privacy Policy, Terms of Use, End User License Agreement, People Skills, Microsoft, Office, Word, Excel, Outlook, Photoshop, Final Cut Pro, Power PointLINKS http://www.hanleybradylaw.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/laurenhbAWARDSPro Bono Honors SocietyMarch 2013Awarded for providing over 50 hours of public service with a Non Profit/Pro Bono organization from 2012-2013 (only awarded once per student, in the first year they achieve 50+ hours).Josi Dixon Public Interest Grant RecipientApril 2013A monetary grant to continue at New Media Rights for a second summer, particularly to assist in representing a pro bono client in pre-litigation work.Dean's List Fall 2013December 2013￼￼Also received the top grade in Professor Glenn Smith's Current Issues in Constitutional Law class, with a thesis paper on the constitutional analysis a court could go through to see whether, and how, it could enforce a copyright injunction against a bearer of a copyright infringing tattoo (differing from the question of the copyrightability of original tattoos).Andrea L. Johnson Telecommunications AwardApril 2014Recognition and a monetary grant for excellence in telecommunications-related classes and internships.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONPassed the July 2014 California Bar Exam