LaxmiPriya AvalaSoftware Developer Core,UI and WebServicesSanta Clara, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/LaxmiPriya-Avala/0f9abbfe9733a39a Core Java,J2EE, Spring,hibernate,JSFWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperCAMMIS - March 2014 to PresentCAMMIS is a California State Health Portal System which will be used by providers to add, edit and delete various rates on procedure, modifier and Revenue Codes. The portal has the privileged access control to various user based on their roles. This helps the CAMMIS to regulate the access of different functionalities across different users. The portal performs preliminary validation using java script and business validation in the back end. It updates the back end database based on the actions performed by the users.Responsibilities:• Developed and maintained the application UI based on RAD• Developed SQL queries for Querying data base• Developed Class diagrams, sequence diagrams using RAD.• Developed the front end components using jsf standard and customized tags.• Implementing Web Services based in Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) using SOAP, Restful Web Services, JAX-WS.• Extensively worked with Spring MVC Architecture and Spring ORM module• Refactoring the Java code using Core Java Collections API using Hash Map, Array List, String Buffer etc., to boost the performance• Created BO using EJB 3.x.• Designed and Developed web services using JAX-WS, SOAP, JAXB, Apache cxf.• Consumed web services and were called using JAX-RPC SOAP protocol, WSDL descriptor file and Universal Description, Discovery and Integration Registry (UDDI).• Created Stateless Session Beans for retrieving data and Entity Beans for maintaining User Profile• Designed DAO objects using JDBC and Oracle 10g• Used Websphere Application Server to host the application.• Used CoreJAVA, OO design, design patterns, multi-threads, TCP/IP• Used log4j for logging activities.• Used Clearcase for configuration ManagementEnvironment: J2EE, JSF, CSS, Web Services, JSP, SERVLETS, SQL, Hibernate, Spring, Windows, Linux.BMW - Parsippany, NJ - June 2012 to February 2014Responsibilities:• Developed and maintained the application UI based on eclipse RCP framework• Developed Ant scripts for build-management and deployment activities.• Developed SQL queries for Querying data base• Developed a full-fledged Tree Viewer interface using JFace libraries along with drag and drop functionality • Refactoring the Java code using Core Java Collections API using Hash Map, Array List, String Buffer etc., to boost the performance￼• Used REST Web Services using JAXB for converting Java Objects from the XML Message• Created BO using EJB.• Used SWT, JFace libraries and MVC pattern to develop the application's front end architecture• Created Stateless Session Beans for retrieving data and Entity Beans for maintaining User Profile • Designed DAO objects using JDBC and Oracle 10g• Used WebLogic 9.1 to host the application.• Used CoreJAVA, OO design, design patterns, multi-threads, TCP/IP• Used log4j for logging activities.• Used CVS for configuration ManagementEnvironment: Core Java, J2EE, HTML5, CSS, Web Services, SOAP, Hibernate, Spring, JSP, SERVLETS, SOAP, Mysql, Windows, Linux, Java SwingClient: UPSSr JAVA DeveloperUPS - Atlanta, GA - October 2010 to May 2012The objective of the Bill Pay Foundational Components (BPFC) project is to address and define the development of the basic foundational components as the first step of the overall Bill Pay initiative. The foundational components (Switch & Route, Messaging & Workflow, and Bill Pay Application) will provide a common platform for processing both card and EFT payments as well as consumer enrollment and bill presentments. They also provide the base infrastructure and interface between Bill Pay customers and MasterCard systems.Responsibilities:• Developed Business Components in Java/J2EE and Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).• Developed REST Web Services using JAXB JSon.• Developed user interfaces using JSP.• Developed ANT scripts for compiling and deployment.• Implemented Model View Controller (MVC) architecture Using Spring 1.2 at the Web tier level to isolate each layer of the application to avoid the complexity of integration and ease of maintenance along with Validation Framework.• Designed and developed several Servlets and Hibernate components.• Extensively used Spring IOC, Dependency Injection throughout the application.• Involved in the development of various interfaces for EFT, Focus and BillPay modules.• Responsible for coding the front end validations using JQuery.• Designed and developed the Focus Integration component using Focus tool.• Used Hibernate frame work for modules like Work Message and Error Handler in the project.• Developed wrapper classesusing with OPUS application.• Deployed the entire application on IBM WebSphere application server.• Extensively used log4j for logging the log files.• Wrote test cases for unit testing using JUnit.• Used Agile methodology for development process.Environment: Core Java, J2EE JSP, XML, Web Services/ SOA, spring , Hibernate, REST, WebSphere 6.1, SQL, PL/SQL, JUnit 4.3, Subversion, Focus, OPUS, Castor and Oracle 9i, Java SwingSoftware engineerDell - Austin, TX - March 2009 to August 2010This application is for conventions and conferences to have conferences by registering the users. The admin can send bulk be known to event admins or anonymous. The known users are informed about the event by bulk uploading from the excel sheet, anonymous users are allowed through registration.Responsibilities:• Developed the application using Eclipse IDE and worked under Agile Environment.• Team Work Allocation, Monitoring and Technical Updations• Client interaction for the requirements and demos• Integrated Spring and Hibernate using Hibernate Template provided by Spring ORM and implemented them as web services.• Used Ant for developing build scripts and deploying the application into Tomcat.• Coding and Code Reviews• Database design of the application, enhancements• Weekly meetings and Demo to Clients• Application deployments using SVN and ANT• Estimation of Man hours• Technical Design based on Client's requirements• Email and SMS alerts when an event or special session scheduled.Environment: Java, Hibernate, Core Java, Servlets, JSP, JMS, Struts2.0, Spring 2.5, Java / J2EE Patterns, JUnit, JDK 1.6, SVN, JDBC, ANT1.6.Java ProgrammerManhar Solutions - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh - February 2008 to January 2009This project was done to provide online examination facility for all entrance exams conducted in India like SSC, APPSC, BSRB, RRB, TOEFL, NDA, BCA, CAT, EAMCET, MBACET, MCACET, GMAT, GRE, IIT, LAWCET, KCET ETC. All these entrance examinations are maintained in their own way i.e. choice of questions, question with multiple answers, filling up the blanks etc. This generates different set of questions for different users in the test by picking up questions at random.Responsibilities:• Developed dynamic page designing using JSP to invoke Servlets (Controllers).• Developed JDBC Connection pooling to optimize database connections.• Coordinated with the users to gather and analyze the business requirements.• Design & Development of design specifications using design patterns and OO methodology using UML (Rational Rose).• Involved in Use Case analysis and developing User Interface using HTML/DHTML• Involved in the Development and Deployment of Java beans.• Wrote different stored procedures in Oracle using Pl/SQl.• Used Java Script for Client side validations.• Implemented Session Tracking and User Authentication.Environment:Core Java, JSP, Servlets, JDBC, JavaBeans, Oracle, Hibernate, HTML/DHTML, VisualCafé3.0, Microsoft FrontPage, Java Script 1.3, PL/SQL, Spring, JavaMailApi, Tomcat 4.0, Windows 98.Jr. Java ProgrammerVasavi Electricals, India - September 2006 to January 2008This is an information system project developed for Vasavi electrical. A detailed client database has been created and developed, depending on the orders placed to the company. The database holds the information of the different machine components, its costs, the stock to be delivered, customer details, employee details etc.Responsibilities:• Developed the application utilizing the Struts framework and MVC Architecture.• Implemented Tiles, Validation frame works and Nested tag libraries.• Involved in developing JSP pages for the web tier and validating the client data using the Java Script.• Implemented Struts to direct user requests to a controller servlet, which determined the nature of the request and passed it off to the appropriate handler.• Adopted J2EE best Practice, using J2EE Design patterns like Data Access objects for portability and performance and created many Value Objects.• Designed test-first code methodology and implement test cases using JUnit• Implemented the database queries in DAO, used web services to access the web enabled methods.• Implemented CSS(Cascading style sheets) at JSP pages for GUI look and feel• Prepared test cases with respect to front end pages developed and tested upon the test cases written.• Used CVS (Concurrent Versions System) for version control.Environment: Core Java, Java Swing, Tiles, J2EE (Java, Servlets, JSP, JDBC-SQL), JavaScript, HTML, Eclipse, Spring, hibernate, Apache Log4j, UML, JDBC, JUnit, CVS, Struts, Oracle 7.