Lekesha ThomasChattanooga, TN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Lekesha-Thomas/15c2570ad9e4f841To obtain a challenging position where my computer networking training, and my exceptional customer service skills can be utilized within a progressive environment.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorThe Samaritan Center - Ooltewah, TN - September 2013 to PresentResponsibilitiesEach day I make sure that the server is working properly, all computers are working properly, check error logs and I also repair computers so that they can be sold. insert hard drives mother boards, install video cables when needed. I also watched the security cameras for theft and walked the sales floor looking for suspicious activity.Accomplishmentsthis job has been a great hands on learning experience for me. I have had a chance to do everything I was taught in school.Skills Usedcustomer service, problem solving, programing, networking , software and hardware repairLead Sales RepresentativeDollar General Store - Chattanooga, TN - February 2013 to September 2013Responsibilitiesmake sure the associates get the frieght and place it neatly throughout the store. make sure cash tills are ready for the cashiers do deposits and cash drops.Cashier/Customer ServiceMarshalls Hamilton Place Mall - October 2012 to January 2013Operated a cash register, cleaned fitting rooms, answered phones and processed freight from incoming trucks. I also promoted the sales of the marshal's credit card to each customer.HousekeeperFirst Christian Church - August 2007 to October 2012Performed light housekeeping duties cleaned windows and vacuumedAmazon 10/2011-03/2012• Scanned Items into a Computer and placed them in a rebind cart for packingGoody's 06/2005 to 06/2007Operated cash register, promoted the sales of the goody's credit card, answered phonesEDUCATIONAssociate of Applied Science in Computer Network SystemsITT Technical Institute - Chattanooga, TN 2011 to 2013￼ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkills:Proficient in all Microsoft operating systems, PC repair and troubleshooting, system upgrades, customer service, self motivated, detail oriented, outstanding customer service background, client-oriented personality, willing to learn and grow within the industry, able and willing to learn new tasks