Marc Israel MBASan Jose, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Marc-Israel/8e68aa22635a810fSUMMARY- Seasoned professional with extensive corporate experience in accounting, finance, analysis, reporting, and management- MBA degree with concentrations in Accounting and Finance from the University of California at Davis- Strong business acumen with strategic planning experience and an uncanny ability to accurately predict future results- Experience designing and implementing systems and procedures to improve efficiencies and enhance internal controls- Extensive experience running the annual external audit process and working with external auditors- Extensive experience designing/running annual budgeting processes, and performing more frequent forecasts and ad-hoc analyses- Hands-on and managerial experience being in charge of all corporate accounting, finance, and administrative functions- Extensive reporting and presentation skills, including making presentations to senior executives and the Board of Directors- Strong financial modeling skills - Excel expert including the use of macros, complex formulas/functions, and data manipulation- Experience building and managing a team of nine accounting, finance, and administrative professionals- Extensive experience using Great Plains/FRx, QuickBooks, MS Office applications, etc. - quick learner of new applications- I work well with diverse individuals at all levels of the organization, as well as with customers, vendors, partners, and investorsWORK EXPERIENCEController, FinanceInSync Software, Inc - San Jose, CA - June 2006 to February 2015Duties/Accomplishments: Report directly to the CEO. Take full and sole responsibility for all company finance and accounting functions (Board reporting, budgeting/forecasting, ad-hoc reporting/analysis, cash management, fixed assets, stock option plan administration, federal/state tax reporting, and ongoing A/ R, A/P, G/L, subledger, monthly close, revenue recognition, accrual/deferral, and reconciliation activities). Take full responsibility for all human resources functions including establishing policies and procedures, maintaining employment paperwork, and managing employee benefits. Review contracts/legal agreements and proofread company literature. Managed the corporate headquarters relocations. Established insurance policies. Established and documented accounting systems and policies/procedures to successfully bring the company through its initial and follow-up external audits. Brought the company through two rounds of venture capital funding and three M&A transactions, including being acquired by a publicly-traded company.Financial Controller, Mgr. Financial Analysis and A/R, Sr. Financial AnalystThe Research Libraries Group, Inc. (RLG), Stanford University - Mountain View, CA - 1994 to June 2006Duties/Accomplishments: Reported directly to the CFO, built and managed a team of up to 9 employees and performed associated managerial tasks, prepared and presented forecasts and financial results, designed, implemented, and documented company systems and procedures, trained employees, streamlined operations,￼identified accounting errors, created and posted journal entries, prepared materials for external auditors, resolved disputes with customers, administered and coordinated budgets, conducted strategic planning activities, created automated reports and tools for company-wide use, initiated debt restructuring agreements, contacted customers for product development input, conducted competitor and cost studies, implemented new accounting systems/chart of accounts with documentation, administered insurance policies, completed lease vs. buy analyses, programmed and generated the corporate suite of management reports, and assumed other duties for ad-hoc projects and analyses. Analyzed, recommended, and implemented operational changes to save the company $1M+ per year.Financial AnalystU.S. Computer Services, CableData - Rancho Cordova, CA - 1992 to 1993Duties/Accomplishments: Created and administered budgets, analyzed project proposals, approved purchases, developed lease vs. buy analyses, generated and supplied forecasts and management reports, resolved complex financial and tactical issues, formulated and provided reports to customers, identified and investigated variances and anomalies, and completed special projects.Revenue OfficerInternal Revenue Service - Santa Ana, CA - 1987 to 1989Duties/Accomplishments: Managed an account caseload, analyzed personal/business financial information/ tax returns, enforced federal tax laws, counseled individuals/business owners, and conducted tax investigations. Personally recouped $1.3M+.EDUCATIONM.B.A. in Finance and AccountingGraduate School of Management, University of California - Davis, CAB.S. in Business AdministrationUniversity of California - Riverside, CASKILLSCOMPUTER SKILLS: Microsoft Office suite with advanced Excel skills including macro programming, Great Plains/FRx and QuickBooks accounting and reporting applications, Lotus Notes, Onyx CRM, Salesforce, and customized programs. Quick learner of new applicationsADDITIONAL INFORMATIONACTIVITIES AND HONORS- Member - American Mensa, Ltd. (1995 - present): A high I.Q. society for individuals in the top 2% of the population- Performance Bonuses - InSync Software (2010, 2013, 2014, 2015): Monetary recognition for exceeding expectations- Monetary Recognition Awards, Exceptional/Superior Evaluations - The Research Libraries Group, Inc. (RLG) (1994 - 2006)- “CableBucks” Awards - CableData (1992 - 1993): Monetary recognition of superior achievements- Special Act Monetary Award, Positive Performance Evaluations - Internal Revenue Service (1987 - 1989)