Margo Hoague AttorneyHouston, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Margo-Hoague/5aabe760bf8efca6WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyRichard M. Marsh - Houston, TX - 2007 to 2013Litigation Paralegal (Federal 60%): Commercial Litigation, Civil Litigation, Corporate, Personal Injury, Family, Criminal, Probate• Management of cases from inception to conclusion.• Supervised and managed two legal assistants.• Coordination of deadlines to ensure timely completion of projects.• In charge of creating and implementing marketing strategies for the firm.• Answered and directed phone calls for a multiple line phone system.• Liaison between attorney and clients in providing case specific information.• Prepare monthly status reports, quarterly reports and annual reports for clients.• Maintain complex corporate and contractual litigation databases for discovery and trial.• Researched law through the State Bar, Westlaw and Lexis.• Involved in the formation of corporations, maintenance of corporate minutes, reading and analysis of corporate contracts.IP Paralegal-ProsecutionJeffrey L. Wood & Associates (Deceased) - Dallas, TX - 2002 to 2007 Federal 100%): Intellectual Property (U.S. and Foreign)• Responsible for filing Trademark, Copyright and Patent documents using EFS-Web filing with USPTO.• Involved in foreign Trademark and Patent maintenance using the PCT section of the USPTO or direct communication with the USPTO and foreign patent agencies utilizing IP Master to maintain docketing, annuities and payments.• Coordination with clients and foreign associates regarding deadlines to ensure timely completion of projects. • Validation of documents through legalization.• Liaison between attorney and clients in providing case specific information.• Maintain complex IP litigation databases for discovery and trial.• Researched law on Lexis and applied such laws to the U.S. Code applicable to Intellectual Property laws: Trademark, Copyright and Patent.• Researched law on Westlaw and applied such laws to the U.S. Code applicable to Intellectual Property laws: Trademark, Copyright and Patent.Legal Assistant- LitigationTaylor & Kohlhausen - Houston, TX - 1999 to 2002Federal 40%): Commercial Litigation, Civil Litigation, Corporate, Personal Injury, Family, Criminal, Probate• Management of cases from inception to conclusion.• Coordination of deadlines on all files.• Liaison between attorneys, clients, courts, court reporters and mediators in providing case specific information.￼• Responsible for analyzing files for the direction of Discovery and the preparation of Subpoenas. • Maintained files and litigation databases for discovery and trial.CEOTiddies Inc - Pasadena, TX - 1975 to 1999 Pasadena, TX• Responsible for all areas of operations of a retail/manufacturing company.• Responsible for employee management, sales and marketing, finance and research and development. • Maintenance of US and foreign Patents and Trademarks.EDUCATIONB.A. in Political ScienceUniversity of Houston - Houston, TXMBAUniversity of Houston - Houston, TXCertificate in EducationRice UniversitySKILLSMicrosoft Office CertificationADDITIONAL INFORMATION COMPUTER SKILLSWord Perfect: 8.0, 10.0, and 12.0, Microsoft Office Certification, Lotus Notes and IP Master and IP Manager soft ware.. Extensive knowledge of the USPTO website including domestic and international filings. Proficient in Internet research using Lexis Nexis, Westlaw and reading and implementation of the U.S. Code, the United States Pacer system and state and federal e-filing systems. State of Texas Notary Public and NNA certified.