Maria MatevaBloomingdale, IL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Maria-Mateva/69b1bf0a7d88726eWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperSelf employed - Bloomingdale, IL - September 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesDevelopment of mobile applications for Android mobile applications using Java, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript.AccomplishmentsHere go the name of the applications. List of projects available on request.Skills UsedAndorid, Java, Jquery, HTML, CSSSoftware DeveloperMekoprint - Aalbrog , Denamrk - December 2013 to July 2014ResponsibilitiesI have been responsible for building vision system that is embedded in roll-to-roll system for solar cell production. My main task were related to:- Software development of the tool- Quality assurance- Algorithm design and application.I took part in the process of the improvement of the efficiency of the solar cells, my task were related to studying and measuring the properties of the solar cells.AccomplishmentsSuccessfully completed and implented tool for studying properties of the solar cells based on a snapshot from the production line.Skills Used C#, MatlabBusiness AnalystHewlett-Packard - Sofia - January 2012 to August 2013ResponsibilitiesThe major project I took part in was for designing and implementation of asset management software, where I was in charge for:- Quality assurance in the process of the tool creation.- Train and support users on the use of company’s software.- Support existing software applications and report if malfunctioning is found.- Preparation of monthly financial and asset management reports that were presented to the client- Establishment of new business architecture model and process improvement of the work flows in the accountAccomplishments￼I have been part of developmnet of a SP tool that aligns all ordered HW to a respective client side, legal entity and billable unit. Based on the tool establishment million $$$ savings were generated.Skills UsedSharePoint, Access, Microsoft Office, Company tools (Aldea, Grow@HP etc.)Student InternHeavy Ion Laboratory - Warszawa, mazowieckie - September 2010 to February 2011ResponsibilitiesI have been involved in work with the research and technical staff to mount and conduct an experiments for scintillation detectors development. My tasks were related to:- Testing the equipment, calibrating the detectors- Analyzing data from experiments.Also I took part in winter school where we used the cyclotron particle accelerator for producing B-Ar beam and analyzing the results.Software trainerInformation Services Plc - Sofia - April 2009 to September 2009ResponsibilitiesSummer job as a software trainer. My main tasks and responsibilities included:- Train users how to use Microsoft products- Collaborate with the certification team for the examine session that were held and supervise the the examsSoftware DeveloperSelf Employed - Bloomingdale, ILResponsibilitiesDevelopment of mobile applications for Android mobile applications using Java, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript.AccomplishmentsHere go the name of the applications. List of projects available on request.Skills UsedAndorid, Java, Jquery, HTML, CSSEDUCATIONM. Sc. in Wireless Communication SystemsAalborg University - Ålborg 2013 to 2014B. Sc. in Engineering physicsSofia University "St. Kliment Ohridski" - Sofia 2007 to 2010CERTIFICATIONSTOEFL iBT - score 90/120May 2013 to May 2015TOEFL - Test Of English as a Foreign Language.PUBLICATIONSCharacterization of Dynamics of the User Influence For Mobile Phone Antennahttp://www.eucap2015.org/September 2014In this paper the impact of the user influence on the mobile phone antenna is studied. Simulations and measurements are performed in order to investigate the static influence with a head and hand phantom using CTIA specifications. The simulations are entirely based on the FTDT method.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONI am green card holder (US permanent resident).￼