Marilyn GentleCanandaigua, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Marilyn-Gentle/117ebf0b1056ef62I am currently looking for a full time position in an environment that offers a greater challenge, increased benefits for my family, and the opportunity to help the company advance efficiently and productively.WORK EXPERIENCECleaner/SupervisorSELF EMPLOYED - January 1996 to PresentEmpathy, good oral skills, proper diapering/toileting skills/dressing habits, basic cleaning, knowledge of the first language spoken at the child care center, basic reading, basic writing, teamwork, problem solving, decision making, critical thinking, planning and organizingHOME CARE1/2014 - 6/2014Cooking, basic cleaning, organization and planning, empathy, communication skills, medical knowledge, caring and open minded. Patient and tolerantCustodianSELF EMPLOYED - Rushville, NY - September 2010 to January 2011ResponsibilitiesManaged cleaning using heavy duty powered equipment.Conducted necessary maintenance and handled relocating heavy furniture.Managed moving trash to central pick-up point.Replenished toilet requirements and janitorial supplies.Handled light outdoor work of facility cleanliness.AccomplishmentsRelationships - Occupations that satisfy this work value allow employees to provide service to others and work with co-workers in a friendly non-competitive environment. Corresponding needs are Co-workers, Moral Values and Social Service.Support - Occupations that satisfy this work value offer supportive management that stands behind employees. Corresponding needs are Company Policies, Supervision: Human Relations and Supervision: Technical.Skills UsedActive Listening - Giving full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times.Coordination - Adjusting actions in relation to others' actions.Social Perceptiveness - Being aware of others' reactions and understanding why they react as they do.￼Critical Thinking - Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems.Time Management - Managing one's own time and the time of others.Speaking - Talking to others to convey information effectively.Service Orientation - Actively looking for ways to help people.Monitoring - Monitoring/Assessing performance of yourself, other individuals, or organizations to make improvements or take corrective action.Active Learning - Understanding the implications of new information for both current and future problem- solving and decision-making.CustodianSELF EMPLOYED - Canandaigua, NY - September 2005 to March 2008ResponsibilitiesExecuted routine housekeeping duties.Managed cleaning of offices, bathrooms and common areas.Relocated office furniture and washed windows.Maintained outside area and sprinkled fertilizers on lawns, plants and shrubbery.Handled routine maintenance duties.Skills UsedWorking knowledge of building cleaning practices, supplies and equipment and the ability to use them economically and efficiently;Ability to understand and carry out simple oral and written directions.Willingness to perform custodial and other manual tasks; thoroughness; dependability; physical condition commensurate with the duties of the position.Certified Nurse's AideSELF EMPLOYED - April 2004 to October 2004Certified Nurse's AideSELF EMPLOYED - May 2000 to April 2004EDUCATIONComputer ProgrammingHIGH SCHOOL EQUIVALENCY PROGRAMS 2007 to 2008SKILLSTyping 65 WPMWord ProcessingExcellent Communication Skills ExcelData EntryFilingKnowledge of cleaning equipment Techniques and standardsActive ListeningCoordinationCritical ThinkingTime Management SkillsADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLS & ABILITIESMastery of Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Self-motivated, initiative, high level of energy. Verbal communication skills.Decision making, critical thinking, organizing and planning. Tolerant and flexible to different situations.