Marvin I. Schlackman Attorney at LawRancho Palos Verdes, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Marvin-I-Schlackman/fbc134118f3b789eAttorney with broad transactional experience in business and government contracts, employment and labor law, and regulatory/environmental compliance. Contracts and business management background while employed with construction, manufacturing and service businesses and the U.S. EPA. Substantial interface with Federal, state and local government agencies.〓 Propose, negotiate and write varied contracts (employment, vendor, government, business, etc), 〓 Draft, critique and submit filings and regulatory documents for licensing and business dealings, 〓 Liaison to high-level executives, governmental officials, judges and decision makers.〓 Represent clients at governmental administrative hearings and in court litigation,〓 Settle, mediate, and arbitrate employment, contract and interpersonal disputes. WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyLaw Office of Marvin I. Schlackman - Rancho Palos Verdes, CA - 1992 to 2012Focal Areas and Accomplishments: Own and operate a civil law practice encompassing government administrative actions, business decision making, negotiating, drafting and enforcing commercial and government contracts, environmental compliance, employment and labor matters, and corporate organization and management. Initiate, write and evaluate correspondence and documents covering (1) manufacturing, construction, environmental, and service business filings and approvals, (2) vendor supply and services deals, (3) employment/labor arrangements, and (4) varied business and governmental dealings. Engineering (BS- ChemEng) and environmental background augments capabilities and legal work respecting land use planning, environmental practices, resources management, and interactions with Federal, state and local regulatory agencies. Extensive background and appearances at ALJ hearings. Mostly transactional legal work, but do some litigation; routinely write briefs, motion papers, discovery documents and pleadings for court cases. Am a court-appointed arbitrator for the California Superior Court rendering judgments in civil lawsuits. Use computers in all phases of law practice (MS Word, Wordperfect, Excel, Adobe Acrobat, Internet research, etc). See website: business-lawyer.comManager, Contracts and ProposalsRockwell International - El Segundo, CA - 1981 to 1984Negotiated and administered contracts in the B-1B aircraft program. Responsible for interfacing with engineering departments, negotiating/writing contracts, proposal pricing, and implementing Air Force contracts. Negotiated $250 million plant modernization contract and $50 million in engineering changes.Manager, International ProposalsEnvirogenics Systems Company - El Monte, CA - 1978 to 1981Organized, wrote, and negotiated proposals for desalting and power projects worldwide (including Mid-East, Indonesia & Mexico). Wrote vendor RFP's and RFQ's, negotiated bid inputs, and interacted with officials and executives from foreign countries. Tendered proposals valued as high as $1 billion.Senior Environmental Engineer / USPHS Commissioned OfficerU.S. Environmental Protection Agency - San Francisco, CA - 1972 to 1977￼Implemented and managed Federal solid and hazardous waste management program in western U.S. and the Pacific Territories. Administered Federal government regulations, monitored compliance with environmental requirements, and managed grant contracts in energy conversion from wastes.EDUCATIONJD in LawUniversity of West Los Angeles - Los Angeles, CA January 1989 to January 1992Ph.D. program in Chemical EngineeringUniversity of California - Berkeley, CABS in Chemical Engineering (graduated cum laude)City University of New York - New York, NYSKILLSExcellent writer of persuasive legal documents. Technical/Engineering SavvyLINKS http://business-lawyer.com￼