Mathew KenneallyNew York, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mathew-Kenneally/bbfbd224495809a4WORK EXPERIENCELawyerVictoria Legal Aid, Civil Justice Program - Melbourne VIC - July 2012 to August 2014ResponsibilitiesReviewed and appealed unsuccessful asylum applications in the Federal Courts. Offered general immigration law phone advice. Represented involuntary patients at psychiatric institutions in hearings before the Mental Health Review Tribunal. Staffed the Tenancy Tribunal offering urgent representation for public housing tenants in eviction proceedings.AccomplishmentsConducted successful appeals for clients that had mental impairments that limited their capacity to participate in the refugee determination process in Australia.Curated a database of recent refugee law decisions for the benefit of my entire team.Skills UsedThe role required me to assess rejections of asylum claims for legal errors. I also had to engage in statutory interpretation relating to the Migration Act, and legal research.In preparing submissions to the Court I relied on my written skills to produce concise arguments.LawyerVictoria Legal Aid, Appeals and Strategy - Melbourne VIC - October 2011 to July 2012ResponsibilitiesI reviewed the applications for funding by individuals seeking to appeal against their conviction or sentences. This required reading the transcript of entire criminal trials to identify potential issues, than legal research to assess chances of success. I would than draft advice recommending that funding for the appeal be approved or rejected.I also appeared as an advocate and drafted submissions in the Court of Appeal.AccomplishmentsAs part of the strategy team I provided advice on important test cases and strategic litigation.Skills UsedThe role required discipline to peruse large volumes of transcript, strong analytical skills to identify issues, and the ability to conduct legal research efficiently and effectively.My internal advices recommending or rejecting aid were official documents relied on by Victoria Legal Aid to make decisions about funding criminal appeals. They could be accessed under the Freedom of Information Act. Consequently, the job required excellent and judicious legal writing skills.￼Finally, in giving advice on test cases I demonstrated research skills as well as the ability to think strategically about the conduct of litigation.Policy AdvisorDepartment of Environment, Victorian Government - Melbourne VIC - August 2011 to September 2011ResponsibilitiesPrepared legal advice on environmental and planning law for economic policy experts who were developing policies for urban expansion.AccomplishmentsI prepared a document that could be used by policy advisers to understand the planning scheme more easily.Skills UsedThe ability to conduct legal research and to convey that information in a clear, concise manner for a non- lawyer to understand and use.TutorLa Trobe University School of Law - Melbourne VIC - July 2007 to July 2011ResponsibilitiesTaught Seminars in Property Law, Trusts, and Employment Law. These were small groups of 20 - 25 students. I also marked assessment and helped in the design of assessment tasks.AccomplishmentsIn 2008/2009 teaching Employment Law I assisted the Professor in charge to make changes to the course in light of the new legislation.Skills UsedExcellent oral communication skills, the ability to explain complex content. Also, in marking exams I demonstrated the ability to do an indescribably tedious task carefully and on time.Judicial ClerkVictorian Supreme Court - Melbourne VIC - March 2005 to December 2006ResponsibilitiesI conducted research on important legal matters that came before the Court. I edited judgments and ensured references were correct. I liaised with counsel and practitioners to ensure the Court ran smoothly.Skills UsedThe experience at the Court developed my legal research skills.EDUCATIONLLM in LawColumbia University - New York, NY 2014 to 2015LLB/BA in LawAustralian National University - Canberra ACT 1999 to 2004