Matthew CaudillLouisa, KY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Matthew-Caudill/8518df6f03e6739dI have 9 years of work experience, including as a deckhand, coal truck drive, aviation mechanic, computer & network technician in industries including coal transportation, motor freight transportation, and construction & automotive repair. Most of my experience in networking and computer/server maintenance came from consulting and/or working for myself.Most recently, I have been working as a general computer repair tech, consulting, and networking specialist for Louisa Computer Sales & Services.My skills and experiences include: Database Administration, Hydraulics, Inventory Management, Schematic Diagrams, Cabling, Network Administration, Microsoft Operating Systems, Cisco iOS, Cisco Routers, LINUX Administration. I have experience working with Microsoft Servers, including Active Directory & Exchange Systems. I have maintained Networks in professional environments, doctor offices, and personal settings contracted from consultations. System maintenance and networking comes natural to me, thus my reason for completing my education. Also I worked as a deckhand on the Ohio River, building and breaking fleets, preparing them for river bound traffic. Daily inspections, ensuring S.O.P. regulations were followed accordingly.I have a Diploma from Lawrence County High School and have completed my Associate in Science, with a major in Computer Information Science (CIS) as a Network Administrator, from Everest University in October 2014.WORK EXPERIENCEComputer/network/electronic techLouisa Computer Sales & Services - Louisa, KY - October 2014 to PresentDaily work generally consists of common repairs made to desktop/laptop machines. Replacinginternal components, building computer systems for customers, consult work for project- development, cell phone & tablet repair along with answering technical questions. Whenproblems with networks occur, troubleshooting and repairs are made. Also help with setting up new networking equipment for both wired & wireless systems. Data & password recovery, softwareinstallation is also done frequently. Local businesses use our services and I make on-site repairs as needed.DeckhandMcGinnis, INC - South Point, OH - July 2010 to December 2010Followed captain's directives. Assisted with ballast control. Inspected equipment routinely. Reported hazards. Monitored engine room status. Ability to withstand extreme weather conditions. Maintained maintenance logs and ensured all equipment was in safe working order. Ensured that vessel rules and regulations were followed. Worked effectively in a team environment. My accomplishments included: Worked on Ohio, Big Sandy & Kanawha Rivers as a deckhand. Responsible for ensuring tug was mechanically safe & able for river travel, building and breaking fleets, pulling barges from river going traffic and set them out. Worked in local river- yard with travel up and down Ohio River from Portsmouth OH, to Parkersburg, WV. Required to check engine oil, coolant, hydraulic & pneumatic systems for leaks and levels. Structural integrity of tugs, and barges were checked, along with fuel level. Knowledge sets include: Fire extinguishers, Fire suppression system, First aid kits, Flares, Hydraulic capstans, Hydraulic deck cranes, Hydraulic mooring winches, Insulated clothing for cold environments, Life buoys, Life rings, Mooring cables, Signal lights.￼Coal Truck DriverDanco, LLC - Louisa, KY - May 2009 to October 2009Drove tractor-trailer hauling coal to coal docks from the mines. Truck inspections, ensuring for road travel was completed. Obeyed traffic laws. Reported problems and accidents to management. Maintained vehicle logs, cargo records and work record. Responsible for all paperwork, load tickets and daily logs. Responsible for ensuring vehicle safety and meeting company & D.O.T. Regulation's. Requiring constant checks on vehicle and taking MSHA safety classes. Reported traffic problems to other drivers. Used two-way radios and phones. Maintained equipment. Inspected vehicles before and after trips. Valid driver's license. Knowledge sets include: Dump trucks.Coal Truck DriverMJR Trucking, LLC - Louisa, KY - May 2008 to November 2008Checked truck gas, oil, water, tires, lights and brakes. Reported problems and accidents to management. Loaded and unloaded trucks. Maintained vehicle logs, cargo records and work record. Reported traffic problems to other drivers. Checked positions of truck and loading equipment. Able to lift more than 60 pounds. Demonstrated excellent self-management skills. My accomplishments included: Hauled coal from Cabway-lingo mines in Wayne Co, WV to Docks Creek docks located on U.S. 52 North. Responsible for all paperwork, load tickets and daily logs. Responsible for ensuring vehicle safety and meeting company & D.O.T. Regulation's. Requiring constant checks on vehicle and taking MSHA safety classes. WV 03 Truck Driver mine permit required and attained. CommercialAviation MechanicUnited States Marine Corps - Pensacola, FL - September 2005 to April 2008Serviced landing gear, hydraulic systems, airframes, pneumatic systems and electrical systems. Diagnosed problems. Repaired or replaced damaged and worn parts. Read manuals, blueprints, schematics and work orders. Inspected work. Kept records of all work activities. Used hand tools, power tools, testing instruments, gauges, testing equipment, manufacturer specific tools and pneumatic tools. Used electronic maintenance records, maintenance planning software, info databases, CALM software and inventory software. My accomplishments included: First sent Jacksonville, NC where I received BCT. (Basic Combat Training) I was then transferred to N.A.S., Pensacola, FL where I began Aviation mechanic training. This was a year of training where I learned to fix structural problems, landing gear, hydraulic & pneumatic systems. Most of my time was spent Pensacola, working on fixed wing style crafts. Received a Good Conduct Medal, Rifle Qualification Badge (Expert) Avionics Technician Training Common, National Defense Service Medal. Knowledge sets include: Air compressors, Air drills, Aligning jigs, Allen wrenches, Center punches, Combination wrenches, Computerized aircraft log manager CALM software, Cordless drills, Desktop computers, managed the server, Drill bits, Drill presses, Goggles, Ground power units for aircraft, Hammers.Heavy Equipment Operator/Truck DriverA.T. Massey - Inez, KY - December 2004 to September 2005Worked in the mines running front end loaders moving coal to be hauled to the prep plant. Ran road graders to help maintain the haul roads. Also drove 993 Caterpillar rock trucks hauling over-burden from the mine site to a dump site. Had a Class A CDL, and drove tractor trailer hauling clean coal to the coal docks along route 23 north.Laborer/Hazardous Waste WorkerLocal Labor Union - Catlettsburg, KY - December 2002 to July 2004Performed physical tasks for projects such as building, heavy construction, excavation and demolition. Assisted other craft workers. Designated construction work areas. Spread and finished concrete. Applied basic math. Maintained tools and equipment. Complied with all regulations including government, building and followedsafety rules. Wore required personnel safety equipment. Used industry tools such as blow torches, forklifts, levels, personnel lifts, power drills, power grinders, power saws, pressure cleaners, steam cleaners and water trucks. My accomplishments included: LEVEL IV HAZMAT Certification; Hole & Fire Watch; Scaffolding Certified; Forklift certified. Responsible for assisting other Trade Crafts working in Steel Mills, Marathon Refining INC, Calgon Carbon, and AEP Big Sandy Plant. First aid certified. Knowledge sets include: Air samplers or collectors.EDUCATIONAssociate in Science in Computer Information ScienceEverest University 2014High School Diploma in Information TechnologyLawrence County High School 2001ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkillsForklift Operator, Government, Grinders, Math, Interpersonal Communication, Work well with others, Database Administration, Hand Tools, Hydraulics, Inventory Management, Management, Mechanical, Painting, Power Tools, PC Repair, Schematic Diagrams, Technical Abilities, Telephone Skills, Cabling, Network Administration, Microsoft Operating Systems, Cisco iOS, Cisco Routers, Cisco Switches, LINUX Administration, Microsoft Office Software. Mechanical skills, variable welding ability, worked with Iron Workers hanging steel in various plants; Handy with many types of hand tools and construction equipment. Most of my life I have worked for myself as a consulter in computer systems and with networking equipment. I now have an Associate's degree in Science, with a major in Computer Information Technology (CIS) for Network Administration. I have maintained a 3.7GPA, made Presidents List once and the Dean's list 3 times. Also comfortable working with all operating systems such as Windows, Linux/Unix, and Cisco iOS. When needed, I'm a very resourceful person. I am familiar with various transmission cables, Cat-5, Cat-5e, etc., I understand and know how to make drop cables, crossover cables, etc. My goal is to become a valuable asset, not just another number and that can create a R.O.I. for the company which may hire me. Certifications included with my degree are: Network+, Security +, CompTIA+, Server Administration, and Cisco CCNA. I understand and know how to work with Microsoft Server Active Directory, and the various roles and features found within it such as Routing & Remote Access, RDP, Group Policy, and adding users/computers within the AD DS Domain. Most of the time, I have worked on these systems in the community helping those who were in need on my off time, but who could not afford technician labor costs. Doctor offices, and other professional settings aren't uncommon for myself to work in.My previous military experience in the Marine Corps taught a great deal to me. While there, I was in the 6000 M.O.S., which lead into being an Aviation Mechanic. Working with shop presses, fabrication, electronic, hand tools, drills, presses, dyes, punches, and other equipment is something that I also know how to use. With that, I read blueprints, schematics or other designs necessary to ensure job integrity. Patience, optimism and a touch of realism has helped me throughout life. I know no stranger to hard work, and working with others isn't a problem. My attitude is one of positive reinforcement, and getting to it, to finish out the job