Matthew Missler Systems AdministratorCleveland, OH - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Matthew-Missler/11496a327ec3592bAn intuitive leader with strong technical skills and a Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator seeking an opportunity within an Information Technology Department in a technical support role in a fast-paced team oriented environment. Strong working knowledge of Linux, MS Server 2003, MS Server 2008, Active Directory, DNS, Exchange 2003/2008 and Remote Administration Concepts.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorStarfish Computer - Westlake, OHResponsibilities• Upgrade Exchange 2003-2010• Administrator exchange 2003,2007.2010• Setup troubleshoot firewalls• Stage servers• Work on helpdesk tickets• Setup, Maintain VMware Hosts, and guests• Upgrade troubleshoot Citrix Xen server, and XenappSystems AdministratorAcuative - October 2011 to November 2012Administer troubleshoot Exchange 2003, and 2010 • CommVault Backup• Kerri Doors Systems• Maintain Active Directory• Ghost Imaging• Troubleshoot Servers, desktop, and laptop issues• Setup, Maintain VMware Hosts, and guests• Postini Spam filter• Setup, maintain network printers, and print servers.• Citrix• Create/modify logon scripts, and GPOs• Administer file, DHCP, WSUS, Anti-Virus, and DNS servers. • VmWare• Cisco routers and switchesNetwork AdministratorAcendex - Beachwood, OH - May 2010 to October 2011Troubleshoot issues remotely and on site.• Setup new users, email, and terminal server profiles. • Maintain Barracuda spam, and web filters• Setup configure and maintain IP based phone system • Maintain Active Directory, and NTFS permissions.• Configure firewalls, and Wireless access points.￼• Troubleshoot email issues including outlook, exchange, hosted email and barracuda spam firewalls.• Setup, and troubleshoot blackberries and active sync devices.• Setup Wyse thin clients• Install and Troubleshoot software including: Backup Exec, Made to Mange, CS Quote, Office, Solid Works, Act, Crystal Reports, and Sophos.• Maintain Microsoft Server 2003, 2008 including: Domain controller, exchange, terminal server, file server, print server, and bes.• Troubleshoot internet connectivity with firewalls, cables, switches, and hubs.TechnicianVox Mobile - Cleveland, OH - May 2009 to May 2010 Cleveland, Ohio 5/3/2009-5/6/2010Procurement• Placing orders for customers.• Processing orders through the INTERNET, of over the phone. • Contacting customers via email, and phone.Technician• Provide technical support services to Mobility Management Services customer base, including troubleshooting and training.• Troubleshooting, along with providing clear and complete documentation of user problems and requests, and proper transferring and escalation of career and vendor/manufacturer issues when appropriate.• Effective use of Support Center tools and systems including Remedy, Parature and Heat ticket tracking.• Provide overflow to procurement/fulfillment tasks included in the MS offering, including port and activation completion, asset management and ongoing change management for customer accounts.• Work closely with other team members, including Client Services and Sales, to gain knowledge and transfer support information within the team.• Maintaining/troubleshooting a Blackberry Enterprise Server user accounts.• Managing active directory accounts.• Creating, and maintaining exchange mailboxes.Production SupervisorErgomat, LLC - Cleveland, OH - February 2003 to March 2009Managed a team of ten employees and ensured that all sales orders were accurate and timely.• Assisted in the new hire process of employees; this included interviewing, orientation on company policies and procedures, and training on how to perform their job duties.• Contacted all clients after installations were completed to ensure high customer satisfaction.• Scheduled staffing based on sales order needs.• Performed additional responsibilities as a Sales Consultant; traveled to large corporations such as Honda, Toyota, VWR, and Johnson & Johnson to meet with plant managers to determine product needs.• Ordered all supplies needed for production and monitored inventory levels.Installation Specialist• Followed CAD drawings to custom fit the floor matting into large areas.• Installed aisle stripping for tow motor and pedestrian traffic.• Provided superior customer service in the field to all clients.Shipping and Receiving AssociateResponsible for packaging shipments, staging of shipments, as well as loading/unloading delivery trucks.• Operated machinery: Tow motors, pallet jacks and forklifts.• Utilized various shipping programs for FedEx, UPS, Shiprush, Act, and other major trucking companies to create Bills of Lading or shipping label information.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONOperating Systems: Microsoft Windows Vista, Microsoft Windows 2003 Server, Microsoft Server 2008 Networking Skills: Windows Vista client installation, configuration and maintenance; Windows Server 2003 installation, configuration, monitoring, change management, hardening, fault tolerance, disaster recovery and remote management; Active Directory; Group Policy; DNS; DHCP; VPN, routing, RRAS and remote access protocols; network design, configuration and troubleshooting; TCP/IP subnetting and troubleshooting; firewall and proxy server configuration; emphasis on adherence to Microsoft standards and maintaining network documentation.Voluntary Workshops Completed:Navigating Windows Vista Completed 03/2009Remote Administration Concepts Completed 03/2009Viruses and Spyware Completed 04/2009ITT Technical Institute (Cleveland, OH) Graduated 12/2010Associate of Science in Computer Information Technology-Computer Networking Systems