Maurice Peugh programmer / technical preferredLufkin, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Maurice-Peugh/c6580a214daff48dI have worked in customer service for 9 years where I supervised on second shift for 3 years, taught math for 4 years, and have worked in the role of parts master scheduler for 8 months and worked as a programmer using Visual Studio C++ and C#.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperElliott Electric - Nacogdoches, TX - November 2012 to March 2015ResponsibilitiesProgrammed web pages using Visual Studio VB.Net and ASP.Net. Used SQL database, Jquery, and JavaScript.AccomplishmentsHandled several computer problems many of which included making certain that web pages were designed in a way that promoted customer sales.Skills UsedStrong math and computer skills.Worked as part of a team to develop software.Programmer AnalystLee Transervices - Lufkin, TX - January 2012 to October 2012Wrote program that analyzed trucking logs for violations according to FMCSA regulations using Visual Studio C# and Visual Studio C++ and sending and receiving data from a SQL database..Oilfield Parts Master SchedulerLufkin Industries Oilfield Division - Lufkin, TX - July 2010 to March 2011Worked in the Planning Department scheduling parts for oil pumping units going to the Aftermarket Group. The position required managing all parts with the supervisors of the machine shop, welding shop, the final assembly shop, and the shipping department to make certain that the customers received their parts in a timely manner.Advanced Placement Math TeacherCrockett High School - Crockett, TX - July 2009 to July 2010Taught students math ranging from Algebra I to Advanced Placement Calculus AB. This position required the same skills as in the teaching position in Kennard.Mathematics and Physics TeacherKennard High School - Kennard, TX - August 2006 to June 2009Taught students math ranging from 8th grade to precalculus and physics. This position requires strong communication skills, knowledge of mathematics and physics, and excellent record keeping. In addition, teaching at the high school level requires the teacher to make regular contacts with parents and make certain that all laws are satisfied with respect to special education requirements and section 504 laws.￼Electronic Composition PrepressRR Donnelley & Sons - Nacogdoches, TX - September 1997 to June 2006I have used desktop publishing software including Photoshop and CAD like programs to draft printed documents. I have also served in the role of shift supervisor over as many as 40 employees. In this position, I helped analyze data and price our composition services for the director of the CSC using primarily Microsoft Excel.Graduate Teaching AssistantDepartment of Mathematics and Statistics, Stephen F. Austin State University - August 1993 to September 1995Duties included teaching college math courses, as well as various responsibilities such as keeping class records (on Lotus spreadsheet), office hours, tutoring students, typing test (in Word Perfect), etcRecovery Boiler Laborer 5/93 - 8/93 and 5/91 - 8/91Champion International in LufkinDuties included helping to maintain a recovery boiler by performing routine maintenance and emergency procedures to get it working again when it would go down.EDUCATIONMaster of Science in MathematicsStephen F. Austin State University August 1995Bachelor of Science in Mathematics and PhysicsStephen F. Austin State University May 1993SKILLSGraphics Design, Inventory Management, Data Analysis, Management/Supervisory Experience, Programming in Visual Studio C# and C++.ADDITIONAL INFORMATION QUALIFICATIONSStrong aptitude for figuresDesktop publishing experienceSupervisory / Management Experience in most positionsEquivalent of an associates degree in electronics.Strong computer skillsInsurance Licensing already obtained / interested in obtaining annuity class and securities licensing