Melvin Wilczewski Director of FinanceAmherst, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Melvin-Wilczewski/b8b041842d74dbafWORK EXPERIENCEDirector of FinanceMOOG ISP - November 2008 to January 2015Director of FinanceMOOG ISP (acquired from American Pacific Corp 8/2012) - Niagara Falls, NY - November 2004 to January 2015Providing propulsion system solutions to the satellite industry worldwide.Manager of Accounting and AdministrationAMPAC ISP - November 2004 to November 2008Directly responsible for Financial & Cost Accounting, Purchasing, and Contracts.Results Achieved:• Successful migration of Accounting, Purchasing and Contracts Management functions fromAMPAC to Moog (East Aurora).• Provided support and leadership in achieving double digit revenue growth per year since the purchase of ISP by American Pacific Corp in October 2004. Growth both intrinsic and viaacquisitions in a stable propulsion system marketplace.Specific Contributory Accomplishments:• Implementation of an Oracle based ERP system. Significant involvement in general ledger,procurement, inventory, and job cost software modules including the development of customreports required to run our business.• Implementation of annual and rolling forecast financial plans and models across all ISPlocations.• Implementation of five year Strategic financial plans and models across all ISP locations.• Development and submittal of DCAA forward rate proposals and incurred cost closeoutsubmittals.• Support the development and implementation of our SOX compliance procedures.• Support the due diligence, negotiation and integration process for two Europeanmanufacturing facilities acquired.• Coordinate quarterly major program and capacity plan reviews.• Successfully passed all internal & external audits. Support all corporate required SEC, tax and other government required filings.Chief Financial OfficerWineISIT.com Corp - Amherst, NY - October 2000 to November 2004Amherst, NY 10/2000 - 11/2004(A strategically focused advertising company offering direct to customer marketing, CRM solutions, and marketing intelligence services.)Chief Financial OfficerSpecific Contributory Accomplishments:• Implementation of "Great Plains Dynamics" enterprise and accounting system.￼• Assisted in the construction of the company prospectus including valuation models. • Assisted in the development of pilot and pre paid national advertising campaigns.• Responsible for data mining / analytical services.• Evaluation of acquisition candidates, including construction of business plans.• Management team member for implementation of a three-tier internet-based CRM system.President & C.O.OGEMCOR Systems Corporation - September 1996 to September 2000VariousGEMCOR Systems Corporation - Buffalo, NY - July 1981 to September 2000 (Company was sold 9/2000).Vice President/Chief Financial OfficerGEMCOR Systems Corporation - March 1992 to August 1996Vice President FinanceGEMCOR Systems Corporation - December 1982 to February 1992ControllerGEMCOR Systems Corporation - July 1981 to November 1982Direct responsibilities included the following disciplines: Sales/Marketing, Engineering. Manufacturing, Financial and Cost Accounting, Data Processing, Personnel, Purchasing, Contract Administration, Bid/Proposal, Treasury, and Strategic Business Planning. Results Achieved:• Increase in Market share from 15% to 65%.• 60% increase in gross margins.Specific Contributory Accomplishments:• The negotiation of all company sales contracts including individual contracts of $44, $18, and $16 million with major western aircraft manufacturers. Completed finalization of a $14MMcontract with the Commonwealth of Independent States.• Implemented strategic business initiatives including a Japanese joint venture, supplier partnerships, and foreign offset manufacturing alliances in Germany and France.• Personally managed two of the largest orders in our company's history: the "Hummer" jeep body in white, and a NASA space shuttle Intertank riveting system contract.• Product research developments resulting in enhanced riveting process repeatability and a 40% improvement in cycle time.• Assisted in the development of corporate advertising programs.• Completion of a seven-month effort to evaluate, design, municipal bond finance, and move operations into a new manufacturing facility.• Management representative achieving ISO 9001 quality system certification including enhanced Zero Defect subassembly testing.• Completely automated and integrated the financial and operating reporting system.• Constructed the first comprehensive annual operating plan, capital budget and three-month rolling financial forecast• Arranged various financing packages to support foreign sales efforts.• In company union (International Machinist and Aerospace Workers) activities, the following achievements were realized:• Established an L.M.C. (Labor Management Committee).• Chief Negotiator of the labor contracts.• Established formalized programs to improve safety, attendance, and overtime equalization.Divisional ControllerDayton Malleable, Inc., Pratt & Letchworth Division - Buffalo, NY - December 1979 to June 1981Buffalo, NY 12/1979 - 6/1981(Plant closed 8/1981 due to deregulation of railroad industry and financial considerations.)Divisional Controller• Performed a wide range of controllership duties.Specific Contributory Accomplishments:• Developed the first Standard Cost Accounting System.• Development of the first departmentalized operating budget.• Establishment of a Data Processing Department with special focus on manufacturing systems and short interval scheduling.• Initiation of a "Cost Reduction" and "Check Book Budget" spending control program.EDUCATIONMBA in FinanceCanisius College - Buffalo, NY 1978B.S. in AccountingCanisius College - Buffalo, NY 1976