Michelle Beaver Business/Finance Analyst with MBACarthage, NC - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michelle-Beaver/c64df0cb07d9fec4 Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCESenior Finance OfficerPrivate Government Contracting Company - Southern Pines, NC - April 2010 to PresentParticipates in the overall managing, performance, and execution all aspects of accounting, financial and cash management control, analysis and planning of the Accounting/Finance Department. Responsible for government contract accounting/bookkeeping; company & contract financial analysis; budgeting/forecasting. Ensures the accuracy of all internal and external reporting (as per GAAP and GASB) of all financial requirements by reviewing, adjusting, reconciling, and preparing reports on general ledger accounts on a monthly, quarterly, and annual basis. Assist in preparation of year end/closeout of company financial records and coordinates annual audit activities related to financial records. Analyze and ensure the accounting system properly reflects the financial position of the company and that the accounting activities are performed in accordance with established legal, regulatory and company procedures. Provides financial analysis and administrative support to the Executive Officers, Program Managers and company employees. Enter and process all Account Payables and Account Receivables. Manage/mentor Project Finance Analyst team members.Other areas of oversight: Banking, Cost Accounting (Indirect Rates), Finance/Budgets, 401kAdministrator, Payroll, Accounting & time/expense system including implementation of newaccounting system for DCAA compliance, Contract cost and pricing support for RFP (IDIQ's, CPFF, FFP, FFP- LOE, and T&M), Travel regulations and compliance with JTR, design/edit company Policy & Procedures.Project Finance AnalystHarding Security Associates/Six3 Systems/CACI Inc. - Charlottesville, VA - November 2006 to October 2007Oversaw the improvement of the operational and financial effectiveness of a $22 million multi-year contract with budget cost/variance analysis reporting while providing contract support to Program Manager, Finance, and Contract department heads for effective contract management and decision-making.Managed and examined financial data from various accounting database systems, including Deltek, to provide monthly and quarterly financial and cost accounting reports. Reviewed and validated contract costs and estimates-to-complete (ETC) to assist in cost control while maintaining contract burn rates and ensuring adherence to the Federal Acquisitions Regulations (FAR).Analyzed the weekly and monthly cost reports, tracked six subcontractors and their incurred labor and other direct costs, developed cost performance metrics and advised of potential cost savings or unanticipated increases that would result in budget decreases or increases.Developed new MS Excel program to assist in the statistical and mathematical equations necessary to maintain specific contract forecasts and actual expenditures, which was later used company wide.Forecast all contract expenses, including labor and other direct costs, and developed financialanalysis to prepare variance analysis reports between budgeted and actual and reviewed analysis with stakeholders and customer. Applied cost analysis techniques to provide customers with more effective assessment of programs financial status.￼Prepared, developed, and formally presented contract cost analysis reports to Executives and Client on monthly and quarterly basis. Handled all problem identification, analysis, and resolution to department heads as necessary.Relationship ManagerBB&T - Charlottesville, VA - February 2006 to November 2006ResponsibilitiesFunctioned as the branch financial services sales representative. Consulted with new and existing business and personal account holders to identify their banking needs. Referred clients to appropriate branch loan officers when necessary. Created various accounts for a new and existing clients, identified and resolved problems for established clients, collected customer information for use in marketing and made follow-up calls to ensure client satisfaction.Sales Manager/Financial AssistantHard Rock Cafe International, Inc. - Destin, FL - May 2004 to April 2005Established and expanded the cafe's network of clients primarily through telephone sales by targeting human resources managers, rooms executives, food and beverage managers, executive chefs, etc. Continually sourced prospective buyers, developed rapport and trust with potential prospects, sustained professional conversations with current franchisees, compiled information quickly and resolved problems with short notice, worked at a fast pace and pushed deadlines and timelines, coordinated all tasks to see each project through to timely completion, communicated status and report progress daily.Established and lead the cafe's financial and accounting efforts and support corporate in the cafe accounts payables, account receivables, payroll, and employee in-processing. Maintained cafe financial and accounting files and supported the General Manager and Operational Managers in their duties. Liason between Corporate headquarters and Cafe financial requirements. Utilized Lawson Accounting system.EDUCATIONMaster'sUniversity of West Florida - Pensacola, FL August 2004MBA in Business AdministrationUniversity of Puget Sound - Tacoma, WAADDITIONAL INFORMATION Computer SkillsMacBook & PC fluent | Microsoft Office Suite | Parallels Computing | Adobe Acrobat & CloudSMQuickbooks Pro Contractor Edition | Corp_Pro Accounting System | Payroll Systems: ADP, Paycom Merchant Services: Credit Card processing | Cash Manager Online: ACH/WireSQL Query | Basic HTML coding