Michael RankinWheaton, MD - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Rankin/4664621776f88f91WORK EXPERIENCECashierTarget - Wheaton, MD - December 2014 to PresentGreeted customers with a warm and friendly welcome- Help bag guest products an a organize fashion- Greeted and welcomed customers, received payments from customers in the form of cash, or credit. - Problem solver assisted with resolving customer complaints, provided fast and courteous service.- Maintained a clean and orderly check out area, zone products on checkout lanesLine ServerLine ServerCarolina Kitchen - Largo, MD - March 2013 to December 2013Greeted customers ensured fine dining experience for customers to encourage repeat business.- Maintained a clean and organized service line obtained and delivered customers orders in a timely manner. - Served food from serving line/ buffet to dinning customers and filled telephone orders.- Performed proper food storage and rotation activities to avoid waste and checked temperature of food.- Kept service station cleaned and well stocked.AccomplishmentRecognized as providing Great customer serviceProblem solverSales AssociateSports Zone Elite - Bethesda, MD - March 2012 to November 2012Promoted sales and new products by providing excellent customer service greeted, and assisted customers answered questions and concern about products.- Managed and assisted in the preparation and completion of accurate physical inventory.- Maintained products from stock area to sales floor followed department store sales standards and guidelines. - Presented a professional appearance; Dress Code and a positive attitude toward the company, products and staff.AccomplishmentReceived recognition from customers for services provided, "People Person"Dishwasher/Prep CookOmni Hotel - Newport News, VA - October 2011 to February 2012Operated and maintained the dishwasher safely and properly.- Kept kitchen staff supplied with clean dishes, glassware, and cooking utensils.- Delivered a safe, clean, and sanitized kitchen all assigned areas in the hotel.- Provided assistance to chef in productions, and services of culinary items listed on menu. - Perform additional responsibilities as requested by chef.Case ManagerTarget Inc - Gaithersburg, MD - January 2008 to December 2008Assisted persons with autism and mentally and physically delayed adults in a private home setting.￼- Managed day to day activities housekeeping, exercise, cooking assist in dressing and bathing as needed. - Transport and accompany clients to shopping, appointments and entertainment outings.Waiter/HostApplebee's Restaurant - Laurel, MD - April 2007 to February 2008Greeted and welcomed customers addressed their needs.- Provided prompt services explained how various menu items are prepared, describing ingredients, and cooking methods.- Made menu recommendations upon request, served food and beverages, removed dishes and glassware from tables, clean and restock items as needed.- Arranged parties or special services for diners, escort customers to table, provided menus, inspected dining room for cleanliness.Cashier/HostBob Evans - Laurel, MD - January 2006 to March 2007Greeted and welcomed customers, received payments from customers in the form of cash, or credit.- Card balancing at the end of shift, assisted wait staff, and maintained a clean and orderly check out area. - Problem solver assisted with resolving customer complaints, provided fast and courteous service.EDUCATIONNashville Auto Diesel College - Nashville, TN 2009 to 2010