Michael MooreNetwork Administrator - Phelps County Regional Medical CenterRolla, MO - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Moore/a67f11712a99db11Enthusiastic, detailed, customer-oriented Desktop Support Technician, with extensive experience providing support to via phone, e-mail and desk side for a variety of operating systems, technologies and software applications. Support experience includes installation, configuration, and troubleshooting of hardware (PCs, Laptops and Printers), peripheral devices (CPUs, RAM, Hard Drives, CD-ROM, etc.); troubleshooting network connectivity issues in a LAN/WAN/VPN environment; installation and troubleshooting of MS Windows (XP/ WIN7); and installation and troubleshooting of MS Office products (MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, etc.). Technical tools used include Symantec Ghost, Symantec PC Anywhere, Track-It, remote administration tools, VPN, and a variety of other applications. Technical experience also includes installing and configuring phone and fax systems. Possesses strong organizational skills, excellent communication skills in both verbal and written formats, and excels in explaining technical terminology to non-technical clients. I am very capable of working independently or part of a team.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorPhelps County Regional Medical Center - Rolla, MO - October 2013 to PresentAs a Network Administrator I maintain the computing environment by identifying network requirements; installing upgrades; monitoring network performance.• Establishes network specifications by conferring with users; analyzing workflow, access, information, and security requirements; switch administration, including interface configuration.• Establishes network by evaluating network performance issues including availability, utilization, throughput, goodput, and latency; planning and executing the selection, installation, configuration, and testing of equipment; defining network policies and procedures; establishing connections and firewalls.• Maintains network performance by performing network monitoring and analysis, and performance tuning; troubleshooting network problems; escalating problems to vendor.• Secures network by developing network access, monitoring, control, and evaluation.• Upgrades network by conferring with vendors; developing, testing, evaluating, and installing enhancements. • Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations.• Protects organization's value by and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments.• Network Performance keeping information confidential. Accomplishes organization goals by accepting ownership for accomplishing new Tuning, LAN Knowledge, Network Design and Implementation, Problem Solving, Strategic Planning, Multi-tasking, Quality Focus, Coordination, Technical Understanding, and Quick Study.Desktop Support Technician IIThe Williams Companies (Kruse Staffing Inc.) - Houston, TX - May 2013 to October 2013Responds to customer requests, and provided support via telephone, remote control, e-mail, and desk side. • Handles helpdesk tickets through intuit track it ticket system.￼• Manage and maintain a mixed environment of Windows XP and 7 Professional workstations. This included managing security, updating the systems, configurations, troubleshooting, installing additional hardware as needed such as hard disk drives, and replacing damaged or faulty components such as power supplies.• Installs Windows XP and Windows 7 up with the company standard image.• Migrates users from Windows XP to Windows 7 and moved user profile data to their new Computer.• Install and upgrade company approved software including Office 2007/2010 on users' laptops and desktop computers manually and via custom application that tied into SCCM.• Manages over 200 network printers on a Windows 2008 Print Server.• Install, configure, and troubleshoot over 200 laser multi-function and thermal label printers.• Remotely troubleshoot and manage computer systems using different Microsoft management consoles and custom remote and software deployment systems.• Upgrades software on company computers using the custom software deployment component that ties into SCCM.• Performs basic administration tasks on the Lucent Phone System.• Punched down and troubleshot physical connections between the users' location and the phone system.• Troubleshot remote users wireless and VPN connectivity issues.Desktop Support Technician IVMallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals - St. Louis, MO - June 2012 to May 2013Responded to customer requests, and provided support via telephone, remote control, e-mail, and desk side. • Handled helpdesk tickets through intuit track it ticket system.• Managed and maintained a mixed environment of Windows XP and 7 Professional workstations. This included managing security, updating the systems, configurations, troubleshooting, installing additional hardware as needed such as hard disk drives, and replacing damaged or faulty components such as power supplies.• Installed Windows XP and Windows 7 up with the company standard image.• Migrated users from Windows XP to Windows 7 and moved user profile data to their new Computer.• Installed and upgraded company approved software including Office 2007/2010 on users' laptops and desktop computers manually and via custom application that tied into SCCM.• Managed over 200 network printers on a Windows 2008 Print Server.• Installed, configured, and troubleshoot over 200 laser multi-function and thermal label printers.• Remotely troubleshoot and manage computer systems using different Microsoft management consoles and custom remote and software deployment systems.• Upgrade software on company computers using the custom software deployment component that ties into SCCM.• Performed basic administration tasks on the Lucent Phone System.• Punched down and troubleshot physical connections between the users' location and the phone system.Peripheral Support TechnicianHuttig Building Products - St. Louis, MO - October 2007 to June 2012Responded to customer requests, and provided support via telephone, remote control, e-mail and desk side. • Handled helpdesk tickets through the BMC Service desk ticket system.• Managed and maintained a mixed environment of 900-1000 Windows 2000 Professional, and XP Professional workstations and laptops. This included managing security, updating the systems, configurations, troubleshooting, installing additional hardware as needed such as hard disk drives, and replacing damaged or faulty components such as power supplies.• Pushed Microsoft updates to all company computers using Microsoft WSUS• Install and upgrade software on company computers manually and also companywide using Microsoft SCCM 2007.• Backup PC data and image PC's with Symantec Ghost using standard images configured with Microsoft Sysprep.• Remotely troubleshoot laser and impact printers for 30 branch offices. Some printers used internal or external HP Jet Direct print servers that could be managed using HP Web Jet Admin.• Remotely troubleshoot and manage computer systems using RDP and using the Microsoft SCCM 2007 remote control client.• Troubleshot remote users wireless and VPN connectivity issues.• Managed projects such as companywide memory upgrades and MS Office upgrades.IT Support Technician (Contractor)Correctional Medical Services - St. Louis, MO - April 2007 to October 2007Managed incoming calls, responded to customer requests, and provided support via telephone, e-mail and desk side. I also provided on-call support for after-hours, nights and holidays. Being on-call required carrying a pager and a laptop and would answer any call within 30 minutes via VPN connection.• Managed and tracked support tickets using the Web based Numera Footprints helpdesk software to ensure timely resolution.• Used Active Directory to unlock accounts or reset users' passwords.• Supported Windows 2000/XP workstations using a standard image by us using different network connection methods such as DSL/cable/T1 (LAN)/dial-up in order to gain access to our corporate network through a secure VPN.• Supported and troubleshot employee management software, medical records software, and MS Outlook.• Troubleshot software and connection issues with tools such as VPN, remote desktop, Symantec PC anywhere, and Citrix management tools.• Troubleshot issues with MS Outlook such as archive or PST file configuration, or problems connecting to our Exchange Server over the VPN.Software Support TechnicianMcAllister Software Systems - Piedmont, MO - December 2005 to February 2007Managed 200+ incoming calls per week responding to customer requests and provided support via telephone, e-mail for McAllister's external customers.• Tracked all phone calls with custom written proprietary call tracking system, closed out completed tickets, or escalated them to the appropriate departments for follow-up.• Supported the AVImark veterinary software system on the following Operating systems Windows 95/98/00/ XP/NT, NT Server 4.0/Server 2000, and in conjunction with MS Word, MS Excel., MS Excel and MS Word.• Provided exceptional customer service by helping the customer through processes that they were not familiar with such as how to get inventory reports or how to use a new feature of the program.• Troubleshot in depth technical issues with the AVImark system such as application error messages, problems backing up the systems data, or issues with the API interface between MS Word and AVImark used for document data merging.• Supported AVImark customers HP printers, and backup drives.• Troubleshot technical issues with over twenty 3rd party lab test machines that could import test result data into AVImark patient records. This involved troubleshooting machine settings, software settings such as baud rate and COM settings, and physical cabling issues such as a faulty cable.• Created a guide and troubleshooting manual for each of the lab machines improving other support technician's ability to accurately troubleshoot these machines.• Troubleshot issues with custom e-mail engine written into our software, this included standard e-mail configuration issues such as incorrect POP and SMTP mail server settings.• Completed ongoing software support technician training and testing scoring over 90% on each test completed.Network AdministratorSainte Genevieve, MO - November 2004 to December 2005BiltBest Windows & Patio DoorsSainte Genevieve, MOMaintained the day to day operations and troubleshooting of all Backup Systems, Server Computers, Workstations, Faxing, and Printing Systems.• Implemented and maintained network and server documentation and equipment contracts or warranties.• Maintain a hardware and software asset inventory, and manage license compliance using IT asset management software (Intuit Track-IT Pro).• Managed Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, WINS (Windows 2000) and Exchange E-Mail Server (Exchange v5.5) responsible for 75+ mailboxes and shared network resources.• Maintain LAN equipment such as switches, media converters, wireless access points, and troubleshoot connectivity issues.• Managed a Windows 2000 print server responsible for over 30 networked printers.• Troubleshoot, maintain, repair, and upgrade all servers, workstations, and peripherals. This included Windows servers 2000/2003 and workstations 2000 Professional, and XP Professional, and printers from HP, IBM, and Xerox.• Managed all company telecom accounts including cellular (Cingular/AT&T), voice (AT&T), and data accounts (Charter) for the central office as well as our branch offices located in different regions of the US.• Implemented and managed an enterprise level (VERITAS Backup Exec) multi server tape backup system. • Designed a disaster recovery plan for all of the key production servers.• Managed a corporate server/workstation antivirus solution (Symantec Corporate Edition).• Managed security, printers, and Windows based workstation access to IBM AS/400 EServers.• Implemented and managed a multi vendor network based desktop facsimile solution (Xerox/Omtool Genifax). Also managed a Microsoft Windows based AS/400 faxing solution.• Implemented and managed a VPN gateway (Juniper Networks) and firewall (Juniper Networks) solution to increase the number of external users that could access our network, and increase network security.• Remotely managed Windows 2000/2003 servers using Terminal Services RDP on the LAN and off site via the VPN.• Managed a Nortel telephone system and updated the company voice data infrastructure by running, installing, and testing additional CAT5e network and telecom cable and connections as needed for business growth• Designed, implemented and managed a Wi-Fi network for handheld and stationary barcode scanning equipment.• Built business relationships with vendors such as Xerox, Dell, and HP to implement and update business solutions.• Responded to in house service requests during normal business hours as well as off-hours coverage and emergency support as needed.IT Department TechnicianMcAllister Software Systems - Piedmont, MO - January 1999 to November 2004IT Technician role included providing day to day maintenance, configuration, and troubleshooting for back-up systems, servers, workstations, and printers.• Tracked all phone calls with a custom written proprietary call tracking system, and closed out completed tickets or escalated them to different departments for follow-up.• Provided the customer support on Workstations, Servers, Printers, and Backup Drives.• Supported various software on the following Operating systems Windows 95/98/00/XP/NT, NT Server 4.0/ Server 2000, MS Word, MS Excel. Troubleshot API issues between in-house software and Microsoft Word which the program used to automatically merge data into for documents the client needed to produce.• Managed and maintained a Windows NT Domain (4.0) with a mixed environment of Windows 95, 98SE, ME, 2000 Professional, and XP Professional workstations. This included managing security, updating thesystems, configurations, troubleshooting, installing additional hardware as needed such as hard disk drives, and replacing damaged or faulty parts.• Managed the day to day operations of the Symantec Corporate Edition antivirus solution by checking the management interface for any virus outbreaks, or old definition files and by installing, updating and configuring the software on all workstations and servers at desk side or by pushing them out via the management interface. • Built storage servers from the ground up using different software and hardware based RAID levels to meet expanding company data storage needs.• Installed, configured, managed, and troubleshot workstation access to all network printers in the company. • Managed a Nortel Cinphony modular ICS ACD PBX; This included creating/deleting voicemail boxes, modifying the ACD call routing structure, modifying the CCR tree as new departments were created and needed calls routed to them, and setting up access to the system by management to monitor call statistics. This also involved working closely with the telecom vendor to update the system software, install additional modules to add capabilities to the system to meet business growth.• Updated the company voice data infrastructure by running, installing, and testing additional CAT5e network and telecom cable and connections as needed for business growth.• Maintain a hardware and software asset inventory, and manage license compliance using IT asset management software (Intuit Track-IT).• Worked closely with 3rd party software companies such as Citrix to document, troubleshoot and resolve compatibility issues such as printing between software systems.• Created and Implemented compatibility testing standards so that the IT department could test, approve, and recommend supported dot matrix, inkjet, laser, and thermal printers to the customers for use with our software system.• Created and taught basic computer hardware training classes that covered things such as understating processors, memory, hard disk drives, expansion cards, the difference between hubs and switches. These classes were for support technicians to expand their computer knowledge to help them meet requirements for different technical support levels.EDUCATIONnetwork usingUniversity of Missouri - St. Louis - St. Louis, MOADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnical Summary:Software: Operating Systems: Hardware:MS Office 2003/2007/2010 Windows 98/00/XP/WIN7 Dell Desktops & Laptops Aironet access points Intuit Track-IT Windows Server 00/03/08 HP Desktops & Laptops Cisco MSESymantec Antivirus Corporate IBM AS/400 IBM Desktops & Laptops Network managed UPS Symantec Ghost/PC Anywhere Networking: Lenovo Laptops HP ProLiant ServersOmtool Genifax LAN/WAN HP LaptopsProprietary/3rd party software DNS, WINS, TCP/IP Nortel Phone SystemMicrosoft SCCM 2007 DHCP Lucent Phone SystemHP WebJet Admin FTP Ricoh Multi-Function PrintersSophos Antivirus Enterprise Terminal Services Xerox Multi-Function PrintersServer Related Tools: Remote Desktop (RDP) HP Network PrintersActive Directory Wireless Networks IBM DesktopsGroup Policy VPN Blackberry/Palm PDAMS Exchange Server 5.5 Whatsup Gold JuniperVERITAS Back-Up Exec VMWare LinksysCitrix Cisco WCS Cisco CatalystSCCM 2007 IPSwitch UPTIME Nexus switchesMicrosoft Print Server Cisco Prime Cisco WISM wireless controllers Microsoft WSUS Internet/E-Mail:Internet ExplorerMozilla FirefoxOutlook 2003/2007/2010 MS Exchange