Michael BennettRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Bennett/fe97e5e76365d40aWORK EXPERIENCEWarehouse SupervisorHarbor freight tools - Rochester, NY - August 2014 to PresentResponsibilities-Complete responsibility of opening & closing Store〓 -Scheduling of Store staff for proper coverage in a cost effective manner〓 -Responsible for Inventory inclusive but not limited to – Accuracy of Store inventory in perpetual inventory system, Safety stock calculations and administration, Floor set up and displays,〓 -Register/cashier duties when necessaryAccomplishmentsI Created a positive work environment that promotes positivity. everyone is team player and contributes equally to the success of the store.Skills Usedvery well articulated, deal well under stress and execute the objective efficiently. main goal is to work as a team and insure that everyone is treated equallyOn-Site SupervisorRegional Service - Rochester, NY - August 2013 to PresentResponsibilities〓 -Responsible for maintaining Safe effective work environment〓 -Delivering on time quality jobs to customer specification and satisfaction inclusive but not limited to Remodeling, carpentry, Snow removal, interior painting, professional carpet cleaning.〓 -Management of crew in an effective mannerAccomplishmentsensuring a safe work environment, and expecting are work to make sure it meets the customers expectations. establish and execute a good customer rapport.Skills UsedMade sure that all my employees where completing there jobs properly and on time. demonstrated leadership and promote a positive work environment.MerchandiserRochester Beer and Beverage - Rochester, NY - June 2009 to June 2013Responsibilities〓 -Build Rapport with customers on selected routes to insure satisfaction with product selection, product placements, delivery sequences, storage capacities, Inventory safety stock.〓 -Control inventory delivery from main warehouse to customer docks/receiving departments to insure preferred status to our products.￼〓 -Created and built displays that were Seasonally sensitive as well as enticing and appealing to create impulse purchase of selected products thereby creating value for Customer and our organization. Held weekly team meetings to review marketing strategiesAccomplishmentssecured prime location within stores for are displays. responsible for building and rotating large displays. customer satisfaction was a number on priority.Skills Usedbeing a team player and willing to help other co workers. able to work under stressful situations and problem solve. responsible to train new employees.EDUCATIONBA in Liberal artsMCC - Rochseter 2004 to 2007