Michael LernerBrooklyn, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Lerner/5b093170d0ca80dbWORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperCapture - New York, NY - June 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesI build api features used by our web product, our mobile applications, and by 3rd party consumers. I build analytics systems that report and display business metrics to our management. I fix bugs, and I practice TDD.AccomplishmentsI saved the company money and hassle by building our own metrics aggregations, thus weaning us off of 3rd party services. As an added bonus we have more control over how we consume and digest our data. I've created several features that added value to our clients, often building out custom needs.Skills UsedOn any given day I am coding in ruby and building features for our rails application. This includes interacting with Postgres, elasticsearch, redis, Sidekiq,Rspec, cancan, FactoryGirl, unicorn, capybara, nginx. Wherever appropriate, I build views in html, css, JavaScript, and erb templates. I always have a log view open for debugging, and I'm in and out of several remote servers to fix, query, or build.Founder/Executive Producerbyte3 LLC - 2012 to PresentSuccessfully designed and developed multimedia software applications for mobile devices.• Set up the entire business structure, legal documents, and banking to distribute products globally.• Developed routines / algorithms to generate music notation and objectively evaluate user performance. • Created all content including audio, graphics, animation and written music and text.• Designed user interface flows and successfully developed client-server architecture.• Developed marketing campaigns from start to finish for print, video, and radio.Audio DirectorSonic Boom INC - 2004 to 2011Managed and produced audio content for several successful mobile music based apps. • Co-developed the first real time streaming audio mixer on a mobile device.• Traveled nationally to produce recording sessions with top 40 talent.• Composed, mixed and optimized over 2,500 ringtones to a global market.• Negotiated contracts and worked with dozens of 3rd party independent contractors and studios. • Created and enacted corporate multimedia presentations.Assistant Engineer/InternNorth Forty Music - 2003 to 2004Co-mixed award winning commercial advertisements.• Fixed wiring, hardware and software issues and handled ordering of new equipment. • Maintained databases of sound effects and composer's track libraries.￼EDUCATIONBachelor of Arts in Music Theory and CompositionNew York University - New York, NY 2004SKILLSRails, ruby, JavaScript, html, css, Postgres, elasticsearch, AWS, heroku, redis, Ubuntu, nginx, unicorn, Ajax, restful api, Sinatra, rack, Rspec