Michael Baker Owner - Gerber Lawn CareHoneoye Falls, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Baker/c59b35c56096b03fSeasoned multi-talented construction and landscaping professional experienced with heavy equipment, project design and execution, and repair. Dedicated leader possessing the ability to strategically collaborate with a team to provide superior customer service and quality work.WORK EXPERIENCEOwnerGerber Lawn Care - Honeoye Falls, NY - 2010 to PresentHighly skilled in using motorized tools and land maps to etch out landscapes. In depth knowledge of developing solutions to technical problems that may arise in landscaping projects.* Managed completion of residential and commercial construction projects.* Estimated project costs, initiated take-offs and developed project proposals.* Consulted with homeowners and business owners to ensure their vision was brought to completion in a quality product.* Performed demolition and debris removal as needed per site.CarpenterGerber Lawn Care - East Rochester, NY - 2012 to 2013Carried out various kinds of carpentry work ranging from renovations to new building construction projects. * Demolished structures and removed debris from multiple commercial projects.* Demonstrated ability to apply skilled methods, techniques, and advanced shop mathematics at work.Mechanic/OperatorArrow Contracting - Farmington, NY - 2009 to 2010Effectively used skid steer, excavator, and other heavy equipment to perform duties as assigned.* Ran a variety of power tools such as, angle grinders, electric table saws, wet saws, electric chop saws, gas powered chop saws, drills, miter saws, gas mixers, electric mixers, drill (paddle) mixers, compressed air nailers, etc.* Made sure the products were of high quality and made adjustments to improve the quality.* Operated, inspected, and carried out basic, preventative maintenance.Maintenance TechnicianWilmorite Property Maintenance - Pittsford, NY - 2007 to 2009Responsible for the completion of all maintenance service requests, including vehicle and equipment maintenance as assigned, while providing excellent customer service.* Performed landscape installation activities to develop green space properly.* Removed snow when necessary in order to ensure safety.* Carried out general maintenance to buildings and grounds.* Procured equipment and supplies necessary to complete tasks. * Assisted with irrigation and trimming activities.Carpet & Floor InstallerE & D Flooring - Rochester, NY - 2006 to 2007￼Used numerous carpenter hand tools, portable power tools & measuring instruments to install carpet and vinyl floors.* Provided excellent customer service which created loyalty to the brand.* Performed demolition and debris removal as needed per site.* Properly mixed compounds and adhesives in order to maintain industry standards for safety.Carpenter/General LaborerNew Vision Design - Rochester, NY - 2005 to 2006Performed quality framing work with metal studs while meeting industry standards for safety.* Demonstrated ability to perform basic electrical work.* Successfully demonstrated strong drywall finishing, sheetrock repair and painting skills.* Laid rough stone, thin cut stone, and flagstone (flooring). Laid ceramic tile for showers, flooring, counter- tops and back splashes.EDUCATIONDiplomaPittsford Sutherland High School - Pittsford, NY 2003