Michael BernardRF Communcations Field Technician SR Associate - Computer Science CorporationBuckeye, AZ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Bernard/2b31d49e6f831d11WORK EXPERIENCERF Field EngineerComputer Science Corporation - Kandahār - August 2009 to September 2014Computer Science Corporation 08/09-08/14Field Technician SR Associate; 4/401st Brigade AFSB Kandahar Afghanistan,IraqElectronic Warfare Sensors, Hf tactical radio. Conduct technical training and product briefingC4ISR (command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance) RCIED (Radio Controlled Improvised Explosive Devices) CREW (Counter Radio Electronic Warfare). CVRJ, DUKE THOR, GUARDING, V3, JUKEBOX, MMBJ Vehicle Optics Sensor System (VOSS) gyrocam systems.Installing, repairing, troubleshooting electro-optic equipment and other subsystems locating diagnosing and isolating faultsBattalion level On-site fielding. Support, installation, repair, solder training, upgrade and maintenance of System and equipment. Sensitive items/secret inventory comsec .Verifies and approves operational quality and readiness ofEquipment hardware analysis trends and issues.GPS, RF, Dual, high, mid,Low band active/reactive, Receiver/transmitter fault tolerances Wave alignmentSpectrum analyzer attenuators terminators laptop volt meter bench testing Universal Test Set hand held Transceiver VHF long range electronic attack. Radio Frequency Fixed Site survey for force protection perform preliminary frequencyChecks to determine if other RF emitters Or noise source are present to determine feasibility of deployment.Harris AN/PRC 152 Multiband Handheld Radio ,Harris RT/1694 Tactical HF Radio ,Harris RT/1796 Tactical Vhf Uhf Radio Harris Antenna Coupler HF, Voice Intercom Control AN/VIC 3 Intercommunications set, Shock mounted vehicular power amplifier adaptorAssociated antenna satcom, hf, vhf, uhf, duel band single band, Gps.cable splicing soldering wiring repair, Ohm cables fault isolation Multimeter. Defense logistics disposition unit level material equipment supply preparing documents inventory computer databaseShipping receiving stock control storage C4ISR Sustainment Assets CitriX MMS database admin.FedLog.Samms, Government Funded Equipment GFElife cycle management and the interface with military unitsIT/Commo Technician, IraqKellogg Brown & Root/Motorola - December 2008 to August 2009IT department supporting employee telecommunication needs. Install program and repair the Motorola hand held, base stations CDM1250, GS160, HT1250 Service antennas installprogram and repair the Qualcomm Omnitracs two way satellite mobile communications for vehicle tracking.receive trouble tickets from end users through a web based program, process the paper work and respond to service calls throughout the base using company truck and tools concerning outlook configuration,printer configuration and network and hardware configuration. I configure and recondition laptop using imaging software for replication. Installing and repairing Motorola radio's in vehicles and in tractors trailersCable Systems Installer/MaintainerCalifornia National Guard Army Signal Corps - Los Alamitos, CA - 2007 to 2008￼C4ISR (command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance)Responsible for installing, operating and performing maintenance on cableAnd wire communications systems. Installing, operating and maintaining communications security devices Performing tests on cable communications systems to ensure circuit and system quality Testing circuits/groups to detect and locate line faults operating manual and motorized cable construction equipment Installing and repairing circuits and wiringCalibrating and aligning equipment components operating manual and motorized cable construction equipment Installing and repairing circuits and wiring calibrating Aligning equipment components stringing overhead Communications and electric cables between utility poles. The assignment of remote and pre- installed multiplexer TD-1233/TT and multiplexer-combiner TD-1234/TT device used in analog and digital multichannel Communications systems and associated equipment. TL-13A, DSVT KY-68/TSEC, TA-341/TT preprogrammed fill device KYK-13/TSEC,TS-3647/G TA 838/TT and TA 341/TT, TA-1042A/U. Telephones sub-station installation and troubleshootingVoice and data network infrastructure service technicianHewlett-Packard imaging - December 2006 to January 2007Responsible for installing, operating and performing maintenance on wire telephone systems. Performing tests on wire telephone systems to ensure circuit and system quality. Positioning,moves, adds, changes, and de-installation for desktop computer Telephone wiring through intermediate (closet) and main (point of entry) Distribution frame CAT 5e or CAT 6 568a or 568b digital and analog phone installation. Digital telephone extension reassignment through PBX.Telecommunications cable maintenance technicianNaval Medical Center - San Diego, CA - July 2006 to September 2006Responsible for installing, operating and performing maintenance on cable and wire communications systems.Installing, operating and maintaining communications devices Voice and data network infrastructure service.Punching voice and data jumpers 110/66 block color code Routing and mining drops and upgrades above ceiling and below Floors Modular connector 4 pair cable termination to the Hub router and switch at 568B panel rack Termination.The use of Tone generator and wires map testing after twisted pair pucnhdown.1st Radio Electronics Technician GS05Department of Navy - July 2002 to March 2005C4ISR (command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance)The Operation of radio and Internet based cryptographic equipment using digital multichannel communications systems,military and commercial satellites. Performing tests on communications systems to ensure circuit and system quality I participated in the maintaince, installation, operation, management and testing on the following equipmentUHF/DAMA SATCOM AN/WSC-3 (V) OE-82B/C UHF SATCOM antenna. GateGuard, Nipper/Siprnet, Now, Mdu, Navmacs,FltBroadcast, Cudix, INMARSAT Tactical LOS, UHF, VHF, HF longhaul Naval modular automated communication system (navmacs)Message dissemination utility (mdu) Navy order wire (now terminal) Fleet satellite andTerrestrial-based Systems communications (fltsatcom) Common user digital information exchange system (cudixs) Demand Assigned Multiple Access TD-1271 multiplexer (DAMA) Uhf, HF, SHF, VHF couplers receivers and transmitters RF Amplifiers & Antennas, URT 23 SSR1 GRC211 multiplexer TD-1233/TT and multiplexer-combiner.IFF Tacan, NIXIE Torpedo Countermeasures I am COMSEC Certified on the cryptographic equipment of Navy and armyKey Distribution System STU-III telephone KG-84C/A and ANDVT Over-the-Air-Rekeying (OTAR) KYV5 KGV-11 KWR-46 KG-84A/C KY58 TL-13A,DSVT KY-68/TSEC, TA-341/TT Preprogrammed fill device KYK-13/ TSEC, TS-3647/G TA 838/TT and TA 341/TT,I have processed and disseminated incoming and outgoing messages through gateguard and autodin systems in accordance with JANAP 128/ACP 126 with Plain Language Text and classification compliance and protocol the Identification of communication security material control and policy two person Integrity inventory safeguarding the transfers of OTAT generated From NCTAMS(ssr1 fleet broadcast)VERITAS tape backup.EDUCATIONRenton Technical college computer networking - Seattle, WA 1999 to 2000GEDSeattle Central Community College 1994 to 1998SKILLSActive Secret security clearance Us Army Signal Regiment, 11 years experience in military telecommunications. Circuit control to and from naval forces globally deployed. Managed the transfer of information technology and the Operation of radio and Internet based cryptographic equipment using digital multichannel communications systems. Long range Electronic Attic. Remote controlled Radio Electronic IED Countermeasures. Tactical radio installation vehicle optics sensor systems. Network administration Windows NT workstation/server domain accounts, shares and permissions Hardware and software installation. Testing circuits/groups to detect and locate line faults, Installing and repairing circuits and wiring calibrating and aligning equipment components. Maintained signal support devices and terminals integrated signal systems and networks; performed signal support functions and unit-level maintenance on signal equipment; installing, operating, and maintaining radio and data distribution systems. Provided technical assistance to users of signal equipment. Performed radio communcation preventative maintenance checks and services on vehicles C4ISR (command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance) Defense logistics disposition unit level material equipment supply preparing documents inventory computer database Shipping receiving stock control storage C4ISR Sustainment Assets CitriX MMS database admin.FedLog.Samms, Government Funded Equipment GFE life cycle management and the interface with military unitsLINKS https://www.linkedin.com/in/fitzroybernard￼