Moin Khan System Administrator- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Moin-Khan/e9395f15d330d75dAn organized and experienced IT professional seeking a role in the industry; Detail oriented, consistently produces, and handles multiple tasks; excellent team player, but also able to work independently and meet deadlines in a timely manner.TECHNICAL HIGHLIGHTS:• Professional with over 12 years of experience in the IT industry.• My background includes user support, systems installation, repair, and maintenance, troubleshooting and problem resolution of structured wiring, wireless systems and purchasing new equipment.• Provide computer /laptop repair with specialized in designing, installing and implementing networking solutions.• Configure and maintain windows 2003/2008 File servers, exchange server, SQL server, Application/web servers and maintain/configure Active Directory.• Maintain software and hardware inventory and tracking systems; monitor inventory, order, stock and store electronic components.• Provide remote access to network, setup VPN and firewalls, Data backup and recoverysolutions.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorSoft Path Systems LLC (Northrop Grumman Contract) - Rolling Meadows, IL - November 2010 to Present• Provides support to distributed PC/networking environment including installation, testing, repair, and troubleshooting for PCs linked to networks, printers, and other computer peripherals.• Performs technical, operational, and training support to users of personal computers either by telephone, or on-site for PC desktop hardware and software packages.• Perform troubleshooting computer problems, performs hardware and software diagnostics, coordinates needed repairs, resolves computer system problems, including coordination between users and components of a local area network, and participates in the evaluation of system configuration and software.• Solved customer printing issues in Windows XP/7, Novell, and Macintosh environments including networking and application support. Received a 100% rating from customer feedback.• Worked closely with management providing feedback and suggestions regarding call handling processes and training. This dropped the average call length by 5 minutes and increased the front line solution rate from 40% to 60%.Systems AdministratorITDataService Inc - Mount Prospect, IL - 2008 to Present• Analyze, troubleshoot, and resolve client PC / laptops, software, Printers and other peripheral devices.• Troubleshooting critical issues related to AD running Windows 2003/2008 Server on VMware Esx.• Migrated to Windows 2003 Server/Exchange 2003 Server with Blackberry Integration Services, Windows Server Updates Services (WSUS), and Microsoft Operations Manager.• Responsible IT support for 800 different software applications for this 1500-employee company including LAN technologies, internet, intranet, and Ethernet systems.￼• Responsible for support and maintain Active Directory, DNS server, WINS server, DHCP Server.• Maintained inventory of IT assets purchased software licensing and tracked licensing compliance.• Analyze, troubleshoot, and resolve client workstations / laptops, software, Printers and other peripheral devices.• Provide support off-hours and remotely when needed.Systems AdministratorUnited Airlines - 2007 to 2008• Primary contact in diagnosing and resolving desktop/network related problems in a 3000 + user environment. • Assisted in hardware installation and maintenance of workstations, servers, networking equipment, and other supporting hardware.• Performed user account creation, deletion, and configuration.• Support cross-platform software on non-UNIX client platforms, including some Windows and Mac OS X support under the direction of other systems administration staff.• Provide backup and disaster recovery operations.• Provide support of Microsoft Server administration (day to day maintenance, account management, permissions and rights) for managed service clients.• Exchange administration (day to day maintenance, mailbox management, permissions migration and upgrades).• Maintain Virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI) is the practice of hosting a desktop operating system within a virtual machine (VM) running on a centralized server.• External and internal Citrix/VMware implementations with recommendations on process improvement.Desktop Support EngineerJP Morgan Chase - 2005 to 2007• Trading Support: Primary support for CME/CBOT/JPMC Trading, Derivatives, Options & Futures, S&P. (CME: UT Floor, LT Floor) and development.• Application Support: CQG, Morgan Markets, JPEX, GMI, Globex, Bloomberg, Reuters, lotus notes, and XP images on desktop and laptops.• Developed and enforce new technologies and carried out routine audits of Windows infrastructure systems. • Analyze, log, track and complex software and hardware matters of significance pertaining to networking connectivity issues, printer, server, and application to meet business needs.• Coordinate hardware and software installations and upgrades to ensure work is performed in accordance with company policy. Recommends resolutions to complex matters of significance and coordinate the implementation of the approved course of action.System AdministratorChicago Board of Trade - 2003 to 2005• Monitor all CBOT servers and databases to maintain corporate structure via Sun Solaris and Oracle based applications.• Prioritize and escalate all technical issues required to make sound judgment for rapid recovery / failover to proper personnel.• Coordinate and monitor troubleshooting to isolate and diagnose common system problems: document system events to ensure continuous functioning. Recommend course of action and implement as approved.• Coordinate testing, upgrade and configuration of system files and services. Ensure changes are in accordance with appropriate operating procedures.• Utilize standard corporate tools to record changes, service requests, and problem activities for tracking purposes.EDUCATIONCertificate in IT Service ManagementDepaul University