Moumita Saha Senior Finance ExecutiveTempe, AZ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Moumita-Saha/49f3066b72a0e66d• Over 6 years (75 Months) of professional experience, in Finance and Accounting.• Versatile, high-energy executive who leads companies through change and challenge to profitable growth.• Strategic problem-solver who envisions smart solutions and executes with urgency across all levels of the organization.• Hands-on leader with an extensive background in finance complimented by diverse talents in technology, project management and leadership.• Good exposure in Accounts & Finance.• Extensive experience in Monthly MIS Report, Online Payment like RTGS & NEFT, LC opening, Credit Card Reconciliation, Bank Reconciliation & Petty Cash.• Good exposure to Oracle Application e-business Suite for Financials.• Good exposure to Tally ERP 9.0.• Excellent verbal and written communication skills.￼WORK EXPERIENCESenior Finance ExecutiveRabindranath Tagore International Institute of Cardiac Sciences August 2014unit ofNarayana Hrudayalaya Pvt. Ltd. Bangalore.)Period: 12 May 2008 to 23 Aug, 2014. Designation: Senior Finance ExecutiveACCOUNTING FUNCTIONS- Bangalore, Karnataka - May 2008 to1. Reconciliation of inter branch & intercompany accounts with head office.2. Creditors reconciliation3. Handled deductions of TDS as per income tax requirements and prepared deduction statements and handling internal audits & statutory audits4. Responsible for managing General Accounting, Payroll, Accounts Payable, and Cash Receipts functions.5. Responsible for maintenance of accounting ledger.6. Reconciled vendors accounts, general ledger, bank accounts etc.7. Preparation of monthly MIS reports and cash flow/fund requisition.8. Monthly costing for housekeeping, consumables, printing and stationery.SUPPLIER DEALING 1. Payment verification.2. Involved in Cheque and RTGS disbursements.3. Sorting credit card payment/reconciliation and various issues with bank representatives.4. Preparing of creditors & debtors ageing liability statements5. Verification of invoices received from suppliers, contractors, transporters etc.6. Invoice entry for creditors and debtors.7. Responsible for keeping track of payment vouchers.INVENTORY AND ASSETS1. Periodic inventory stock checking.3|PageMoumita Kundu Saha - Curriculum Vitae2. Verification of Fixed assets and maintenance of fixed asset registers.FINANCIAL REPORTING1. Monthly rent report and cost report,2. Daily cash and bank Reconciliation Report3. Daily credit card Reconciliation Report4. Float Analysis and ReportingREGULATORY COMPLIANCE 1. VAT deduction2. TDS deduction at source3. PF/PT.4. Audit reporting.PROJECTSDescription: Extension of current facility from 5th to 8th floor.Duration: 1 year.Role: Finance ExecutiveTeam Size: 5+Responsibilities: 1. Budgeting2. Clearance for payment3. Checking for completion of respective work4. Verification of work done for the project5. Final settlement of the creditors6. Maintaining of accounts7. Profitability of the project4|PageMoumita Kundu Saha - Curriculum VitaeEDUCATIONMBA in FINANCEIGNOU2014 to PresentBachelor of Commerce in PROFESSIONAL TRAINING AND CONTINUING EDUCATIONSivanath Shastri College 2007ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SKILL SUMMARYERP: Oracle Applications Release 12, Tally 7.2/9/9.2 (ERP).Operating Systems: Windows XP/Vista, 8.Desktop Tools: Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)2|PageMoumita Kundu Saha - Curriculum Vitae