Muhammad Ajmal Manager FinanceBrooklyn, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Muhammad-Ajmal/d84e62fd200fa6d7Looking at new opportunities to leverage my 10+ years professional experience in corporate finance, capacity to have an immediate impact on business revenue while increasing profitability by using latest financial tools and techniques with amalgamation of practical applications of unfold business secrets. Looking long term employment in progressive, challenging and sustained environment.WORK EXPERIENCEManager FinanceThe Friends International Group (FIG)(Operating in Travel & Tourism, Manpower Recruitment) - Abu Dhabi - October 2010 to February 2015Abu Dhabi UAE. By virtue of my appointment I am responsible for The Friends Travel L.L.C operations core functions being performed under my control:a. Financial statement preparation & conduct of sales auditb. Foreign currencies transactions compilation for FIGc. Coordination with IATA/Airlines/BSP/Banks and associated agencies d. Negotiations with corporate customerse. Managing and expansion of branches for travel fieldse. working capital management and equity managementf. Financial modals preparation, indentifying investment opportunitiesManager Admin & AccountsThe Friends Travel Rawalpindi - May 2009 to September 2010subsidiary of International Group (FIG)(Operating in Travel & Tourism, Manpower Recruitment, Investment in real estate and Equity) Pakistan/UAE responsible for:a. Administration of the travel and tourism office in respect of hiring of travel agents, other required staff, liaison with all stakeholders.b. Act as independent in decision making for finances and negotiation with corporate customers. c. Financial modals preparation, indentifying investment opportunitiesd. Managing working capital and liaison with IATA and AirlinesManager Accounts & FinanceAnchorage Ext Project NHQ - December 2007 to April 2009responsible for:a. Management of project's Assets and Liabilityb. Preparation of Accounts, Financial statements, debt servicingc. Administration of personnel deployment, job specification and task assignments d. Audits of Accounts, preparation of financial modelse. Tax planning, budgeting, diversification and risk managementsAsst Manager (Treasury)PNBA (Pak Navy Benevolent Association) NHQ Islamabad - Islamabad - September 2005 to December 2007Duties performed:￼a. Funds placementb. Preparation of investment proposals for BOD for long term investmentc. Liaison with banks for funds investment for short term investmentsd. Negotiation with investment companies for short term and medium term funds placing with them e. Analysis of financial performance of the PNBAf. Risk management through diversification/segmentation of investmentg. Budgeting for release of welfare funds on annual basisEDUCATIONMBA in FinanceBahria University Islamabad - Islamabad 2005Diploma in Information TechnologyMillennium System Trg center Karachi - Karachi 2002Certificate of Hardware and Networking in International Research AssociationBright Scope IT Institute Karachi - Karachi 2002Karachi University 1998Board of secondary education - Karachi 1990Federal board o secondary education 1987