Nayan AnchaSoftware Developer - Interface PeopleLewisville, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nayan-Ancha/b8eb50711c97d160• Experienced in full life cycle development including requirement gathering, analysis, design, development, implementation, testing and maintenance.• Over 5 years of software development experience in Microsoft .NET Technologies, C#, VB.net and ASP.NET. • Strong knowledge in designing and working on complex queries using Microsoft SQL Server databases.• Proven experience working on web applications using ASP.NET MVC 3/4.• Experience working using Agile SCRUM software development methodology.• Well versed in object oriented design principles with C#,VB.net.• Extensive design and programming experience with web technologies like HTML, HTML5, Web Services, CSS3, JQuery, JavaScript and KnockoutJs.• Experience in Reporting Services using SQL Server Reporting Services.• Experience in Client/Server Application, 3-Tier Architecture and n-Tier Architecture.• Self-motivated and excited to learn and understand new technologies.• Team-player, detail oriented and able to meet tight deadlines and prioritize the tasks accordingly.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperInterface People - Lewisville, TX - June 2014 to PresentResponsibilities• Played a key role in the development of Windows and Web Application named Quest which gives unlimited powers to the customers in building and creating a custom Business Intelligence solution.• Designed and developed unit test cases using NUnit framework for the legacy code of the existing applications.• Worked on the design and development of the database application as back end for the Windows application. • Assisted in the maintenance and support of the existing Applications.Skills UsedASP.NET, VB.net, HTML/HTML5, CSS3, XML, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax, Microsoft SQL Server 2012, NUnit, ADO.NET.Software AnalystTeam TSI Corporation - Albertville, AL - March 2011 to June 2014Designed and developed the back-end database application of the Monthly Reports whichare used by our clients as reports in our Web Portal.• Extensively worked on complex queries and dynamic SQL in order to get the data for various Custom Reports. • Played a key role in the development of the Web Portal which is accessible to our clients in which they have plethora of data for various custom reports.• Worked on the Front End of the Portal using ASP.NET MVC 4 with C#, JavaScript,JQuery and KnockoutJs.• Worked on the User Management API project which involved redesigning of all theStored Procedures at the backend for the customers to use API in order to access thePortal.• Developed an MVC 4 web application for the Support team which makes uses of￼Lucene.Net search engine library for creating the indexing and reading content from those indexes.• Developed a WCF service application which gets the MDS assessments from the clientswhich we process and built it into our database which is used for all the data logistics and reporting services. • Worked on a web application for our in-house Support team to access the reportsinstantly.• Collaborated effectively with the Support team in resolving the issues related to variousreports/projects.• Played a vital role in the maintenance and support of the existing applications and reports.• Actively worked with non-technical staff and the end users in gathering, reviewing the project requirements in regard to the various custom reports/applications.Technologies: ASP.NET MVC 4, C#, WCF, WPF, Web Services, HTML/HTML5, CSS3, XML, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax, KnockoutJs, GitHub, Sublime Text, Microsoft SQL Server 2012, EF 5, Dapper.Software EngineerGlobal Graffiti Inc - Houston, TX - July 2009 to March 2011• Designed and developed web applications using C#, ASP.NET, and MS SQL Server.• Played a key role in the database development for various applications by designing and developing the stored procedures at back end.• Gathered requirements from clients for various development projects.• Designed and developed e-commerce applications.• Portfolio of projects undertaken:1. http://directconnectmedical.com2. http://fallcreekfuneralhome.comTechnologies: ASP.NET 3.5/4.0, C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Microsoft SQL Server 2005, ADO.NET.Software InternAgile Consulting LLC - Woodbridge, NJ - February 2009 to June 2009• Played a key role in development of Enkuro Software which is an electronic tariff management product solution for the utility industry. It is a windows form based solution developed using Visual Studio 2008 and C#. • Created windows based forms using C# that call SQL Server 2005 stored procedures. Data access was handled using data table in .NET.• Extensively worked with data tables, data grids, combo box and other controls when creating windows forms. • Involved in creation of SQL Server stored procedures that were called by windows forms.• Designed, developed and maintained reports using SSRS again utilizing stored procedures for the Enkuro product.Technologies: ASP.NET 3.5, C#, Windows Forms, Microsoft SQL Server 2005, ADO.NET.Web DeveloperKansas State Veterinary Diagnostic Laboratory - Manhattan, KS - August 2007 to June 2008• Work involved in supporting UVIS (Universal Veterinary Information System). It is a Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS).• Worked upon Oracle Reports that retrieves data for analysis from LIMS, which utilizes an Oracle database. • Created and customized various forms, which utilize Adobe Life Cycle Designer.Technologies: ASP.NET 3.5, C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Adobe Life Cycle Designer, Oracle 9i, ADO.NET.Graduate AssistantDept. of Agronomy - Manhattan, KS - August 2006 to May 2007• Provided technical support related to hardware and software problems. • Computed the data related to the experiments done.Course Project works undertaken:1# Community ForumCommunity forum is a great online solution for any club or organization which combines several online applications into one easy to use package. The portal comes with several e-content modules, such as events, discussions, links, classifieds and administration.http://people.cis.ksu.edu/~nayan/MSE.htmTechnologies: C#, CSS, HTML, ASP.net, Microsoft SQL Server 20052# Hospital Information SystemThe main objective of the system is to provide the administration staff and doctors with an easily maintainable information system for patient registration, visit scheduling and patient tracking with latest information.Technologies: C#, CSS, HTML, ASP.net, Microsoft SQL Server 2005EDUCATIONMaster's in Computing and Information SciencesKansas State University - Manhattan, KS 2006 to 2008SKILLSLanguages/Technologies: C, C#, ASP.NET MVC, SQL and PL/SQL, Web Services, WCF, HTML, HTML5, XHTML, CSS, CSS3,Javascript, JQuery, Ajax, IIS, Entity Framework, Dapper, KnockoutJs, AngularJs Databases: Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, MS Access Tools/IDE/Packages: Microsoft Visual Studio, Team Foundation Server, Microsoft Suite, Adobe Life Cycle Designer, Microsoft Office, Sublime Text, Chrome Developer Tools, Photoshop Operating Systems: Windows XP/ VISTA/ 7/ 8