Nelson Morrow Software Developer - Simmons CorpProsper, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nelson-Morrow/5025e2b3957a590bWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperSimmons Corp - Richardson, TX - August 2014 to PresentDuring my time at Simmons I have learned more about work as a computer programmer and software developer than I did during threeyears of computer science class at my high school. The corporate world expects a lot out of those with technological know-how, and youhave to be ready to overcome every challenge you face on your own and without any help. I have been working with the .NETframework and creating a seamless transition of the fuel tank monitoring software Simmons provides from the desktop environment to the consumer ready tablet environment.Criminal Informant - Dallas Police DepartmentTeam MemberWhataburger - Frisco, TX - August 2013 to August 2014I have learned that a business can NOT function without teamwork. At Whataburger, we all rely on each other. Work at Whataburger isactually kind of fun, at least at first, because when things get messed up, it is on all of us to fix it. I have learned how to juggle multipleorders at once and maintain a positive attitude even when people treat my team and I less than respectfully.● Cornerstone North Central TexasI am a board member at Cornerstone NCT. My responsibilities include monthly board meetings where important decisions concerning the organization are made. Personally, I am in charge of social media, gathering teenage volunteers, and the CNCTWebsite. I re-designed the website to be html5 inclusive in the summer of 2014. This project took a lot of effort and I am very proud of the skills I learned and the results I produced. I built the website from the ground up in HTML and led the design process as well.● Vision DinnerWhile working with Cornerstone NCT I was asked to help oversee a project (along with 6 others) which raised over $16,000.I helped organize set up and takedown, oversaw what items were donated, the connection between our organization and the schoolwhere the event was held, and collected large donations and helped plan everything from the theme of the dinner, to the way weadvertised. Because of my involvement in this, I was asked to apply to become a board member at Cornerstone in January of 2014.● Big Hugs for Little Axe￼My work for Big Hugs for Little Axe consisted mainly of trailer loading, clothes sorting, and general manual labor. In addition to this, I also set up their Facebook page and collected donations from the community.Tobacco salesDallas, TX - June 2012 to August 2012 laws and regulations● 4-8 hour shifts ranging from early morning to late at nightDuring my time at this job I learned how to deal with (normally very angry) people and how to stay calm intense situations.EDUCATIONProsper High School 2015PhysicsCollege DC Circuits October 2014Prosper High School IComputer ScienceCollege US History I & II