Nicole Martin MBA GraduateRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nicole-Martin/5dd8815c15b7d4f0MBA & BS graduate of Rochester Institute of Technology. Completed RIT’s 4+1 business program, funding studies and living expenses working part-time jobs. College coursework and projects for local businesses focused on Product Commercialization while utilizing key business principles and techniques to solve real- world problems. Valuable to all professional environments by bringing a dependable, versatile, and ambitious work ethic.WORK EXPERIENCETellerM&T Bank - Henrietta, NY - July 2012 to Present• Identified commercial customers personal banking needs and sold featured products and services, increasing sales every quarter.• Promoted to primary commercial teller as a result of transaction efficiency and customer survey results.• Designed and recommended a new format for improving M&T Bank’s Customer Experience survey.• Built strong relationships with commercial and retail customers to increase client retention and build future sales.• Created a standardized procedure for inventory and supply management resulting in more efficient ordering and less supply shortages.Marketing InternFinch Paper LLC - Glens Falls, NY - May 2011 to August 2011• “Go-to person” of the Marketing Manager responsible for projects and tasks as assigned by the VP of Sales/Marketing, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, and Pricing Strategists.• Generated graphical displays of website trends using Google Analytics. Analyzed and reported trends of website traffic resulting in more relevant posts and increased site usage.• Researched rare printing technology only found in 20 US facilities resulting in 5 new sales leads. • Created, designed and hosted a branded “kid-friendly” project at local Finch Paper sponsored events.*worked at Finch for two consecutive summersWomen's Shoes Sales AssociateMacy's - Colonie, NY - June 2009 to January 2011• Identified customer needs through open-ended conversation questions and up-sold products using proven sales techniques.• Utilized time management skills to provide the best customer service experience in line with Macy’s MAGIC Sales Strategy.• Established a portfolio of profitable and repeat customers by providing excellent customer service.Marketing Intern￼Finch Paper LLC - June 2010 to August 2010• “Go-to person” of the Marketing Manager responsible for projects and tasks as assigned by the VP of Sales/Marketing, Product Manager, Regional Sales Manager, and Pricing Strategists.• Generated graphical displays of website trends using Google Analytics. Analyzed and reported trends of website traffic resulting in more relevant posts and increased site usage.• Researched rare printing technology only found in 20 US facilities resulting in 5 new sales leads. • Created, designed and hosted a branded “kid-friendly” project at local Finch Paper sponsored events.EDUCATIONMBA in Product CommercializationRochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY 2012 to 2013BS in New Media MarketingRochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY January 2008 to January 2012SKILLSGraphic Design, Sales, MarketingADDITIONAL INFORMATION Marketing Team Projects:Integrated Marketing Communications Plan - Pinnacle Properties Summer 2013 Fund-raising Challenge - RIT Rescue Shelter Spring 2013Product & Brand Management New Marketing Platforms - Foursquare Winter 2013 Buyer Behavior Study - “The Connoisseur Effect” Fall 2012Marketing Plan – Rochester Transportation Council Winter 2012MarkStrat Competition (First Place Winners) Winter 2012Google Online Marketing Challenge – Lindsay Window Tinting Spring 2011 Internet Marketing Plan – Rochester Home Builders Association Spring 2010Leadership:Phi Sigma Pi National Honor Fraternity - Inducted Winter 2009Executive Council and Board Member: President 2011-2012, Vice President 2010-2011, Public Relations 2009-2010• Developed recruitment campaign to re-brand the image of the Fraternity resulting in the largest initiate class to date. Recruitmentattendance increased 1000% (from 20 to 200 students).• Implemented Leadership Workshops/Seminars to improve member leadership skills and interpersonal skills resulting in strongerlines of communication, better teamwork and enthusiasm, and created a leadership standard for future Executive Boards.Computer Skills:• Microsoft Office: Excel, Powerpoint, Word (Expert)• Adobe CS4+: Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign (Advanced)• Google Marketing Tools: Analytics, AdWords (Advanced)• Social Media: Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Foursquare (Expert) • Camera Raw (Advanced)• MiniTab (Intermediate)Community Experiences:Advocate for Teach for America and Karen Decker Cardiomyopathy Fund Volunteer for local Animal Shelters and Charities (Rochester, NY) Intramural Sports Teams