NishanT Jaiswal Software Developer - FiservDallas, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/NishanT-Jaiswal/e0fb89936381bbc5 Key SkillWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperFiserv - Dallas, TX - August 2010 to PresentInvolved in the software development process for online banking application. Responsibilities:Designed, Developed and Tested the user interface, business logic and data access layers of the application using VB.NET, ASP.NET, and C#.NET.Developed various User Interfaces / UIs screens using JQuery.Team Lead for a module of Bill Pay on Online banking.Mentored new hires and staff developers for the new projects.Participated in conducting interviews for new candidates.Integrated with Cardlytics for inline ads on TransactionsCreated custom solution for online BillPayment/Bill Pay, with features to allow paying to a company or a person, search a company by company name, setting up Recurring Transfers.Integrating with Clairmail, Cashedge.Implemented custom calendar control, Contextual menu and BillPay using KnockOut.Used Linq-to-Objects to filter data coming from WCF business logic layer.Used JQuery and Ajax in MVC website for rich user experience.Debugged and fixed the defects.Always made sure that my deliverables were on time and met the deadlines and I would make sure the requirements were met.Environment:ASP.NET, .Net Framework 3.5, ADO.NET, Agile, C#, VB.NET, LINQ, JQuery, KnockOut, JavaScript, Visual Studio 2008/2010, TFSInteractive Software DeveloperEpsilon - Irving, TX - March 2010 to June 2010Involved in the software development process for Visa transactions and credit cards. Also involved in rewriting Visa Extras website that allows users to purchase items using their visa points.Responsibilities:Wrote middle tier projects in VB.Net to implement data layer functionality using Agile-Scrum methodology. Designed, Developed and Tested the user interface, business logic and data access layers of the application using VB.NET, ASP.NET, and C#.NET.Developed various User Interfaces / UIs screens and reports using AJAX, Telerik controls.Used detailed design documents to write a project from scratch to build and deploy XML files to the front end production environment for the UI to process.Debugged and fixed the defects.Wrote functional flow diagrams.￼Used the Trace/Debug capabilities of .Net in research and resolution of client reported and internal feature issues in UI and Business Logic layers.Manage work allocations, Follow-up to team members and Team co-ordination.Developed process workflows, flowcharts, procedures, and business improvement initiatives.Used ADO .Net Datasets, DataReaders and DataAdapters for accessing and persisting data with an Oracle 10g database.Used LINQ to XML to convert XML to an object and bind to the Dataset.Implemented integrating third party controls for rich user interface. Datagrids with paging functionality, AJAX calls to do a post back on a page, RAD windows, Call Timer through javascript and Telerik RAD window. Always made sure that my deliverables were on time and met the deadlines and I would make sure the requirements were met.Environment:ASP.NET, .Net Framework 3.5, ADO.NET, Agile, C#, VB.NET, LINQ, JavaScript, PL-SQL, SQL Server 2005, XML, Visual Studio 2005/2008, Visual Source Safe.Software DeveloperMindsphere Technology Group - Las Colinas, TX - April 2009 to January 2010The company was providing software solutions to Dallas County School districts along with San Antonio and Corpus Christi School Districts to do Bank reconciliation and Payroll.Responsibilities:Wrote stored procedures to provide data to the data layer and also validated the user input on the business layer before making a call to the stored procedure.Implemented a user control to display table information dynamically, using a Table driven methodology (Metadata) and by creating Dynamic SQL using Cursors in the stored procedure. Used DataGrid and its template properties to create a custom look to the fields using images.Created RDL server side reports and the associated stored procedures for the reportsCreated RDLC client side reports and the associated stored procedures for the reportsCreated skin definition for the DNN layoutParticipated in creating a Dashboard for the company, that comprised of different skin layouts and components, such as Reporting services, Charts and tables that would respond to the IListener interface and update the charts without page refresh.To avoid page Post back used AJAX and Anthem panel.Implemented Drill-down reports using SSRSImplemented interlinked reports using SSRSCreated user requirements and studied an existing system and the tables and created a Current System Analysis document (CSA).Developed Proof of Concept (POC) as a deliverable to the client to demonstrate a concept for implementing the actual product.Studied the table relationships and created ERD and UML diagrams.Added rich user interface to the user controls by using Ajax Control Toolkit.Thoroughly tested the reports to make sure the consistency in the display of each fields, alignment of text fields with numbers, using Microsoft standards to display negative numbers.Created Metadata tables to control the display of the reports on the dash board.Created SSIS package to execute a Job at a scheduled time using the Windows Scheduler. Associated the stored procedures and the parameters passed to the stored procedure for each component in SSIS.Created user settings control to control the display of the reports such as size width etc.Environment:ASP.NET 3.0, VB.NET, DotNetNuke, SSRS, SSIS, JavaScript, AJAX, Dynamic-SQL, SQL Server 2008, XML, Visual Studio 2008, TFSInteractive Software DeveloperEpsilon - Irving, TX - June 2008 to February 2009Involved in the software development process for multi-tiered, real time, large-scale complex web service for Hilton Honors. It also included addition of new feature functionality, code reviewing code changes from production support development. Work involved accessing normalized data from Database, and providing a procedural interface for the front end to interact with the Middle Tier. The work was involved in the Hilton Honors division of Epsilon servicing Hilton Chain for online booking and rewards program worldwide.Responsibilities:Wrote procedures in VB.Net to populate tables and to close Inactive accounts on Hilton Honors program. Designed, Developed and Tested the user interface, business logic and data access layers of the application using VB.NET, ASP.NET, and C#.NET.Developed various User Interfaces / UIs screens and reports using C# Winforms.Used detailed design documents to write a project from scratch to build and deploy XML files to the front end production environment for the UI to process.Debugged and Fixed the defectsWrote Stored Procedures in SQL Server 2000/2005.Involved in query optimization with DBAs using SQL Profiler.Assisted in documenting the application.Wrote functional flow diagram.Responsible for fixing approximately 40 Service Requests for Client/QA reported issues in the product for pre- existing code (specifically in the Middle Tier).Used the Trace/Debug capabilities of .Net in research and resolution of client reported and internal feature issues in UI and Business Logic layers.Manage work allocations, Follow-up to team members and Team co-ordination.Developed process workflows, flowcharts, procedures, and business improvement initiatives.Used ADO .Net Datasets, DataReaders and DataAdapters for accessing and persisting data with an Oracle 10g database.Always made sure that my deliverables were on time and met the deadlines and I would make sure the requirements were met.Environment:ASP.NET 3.0, ADO.NET, C#, VB.NET, JavaScript, PL-SQL, SQL Server 2005, XML, Visual Studio 2005/2008, Visual Source Safe.Software Developer IITRX Inc - Dallas, TX - January 2005 to May 2008Involved in the software development process for n-tier business travel solutions including addition of new feature functionality, code reviewing code changes from production support development. Work involved accessing normalized travel data from Global Distribution Systems, and providing a unified interface to business travelers. Travel data was persisted to a local Oracle database system through a standardized data access layer for future retrieval. Client business policies were handled through a customizable policy editor and applied to end-user travel selection.Responsibilities:Wrote procedures to enable Time-Out of a client session using JavaScriptDesigned, developed, Tested a UI control based on user requirements using VB.Net and SQL query at backend using Agile methodology.Developed process workflows, flowcharts, procedures, and business improvement initiatives.Developed using N-Tier Architecture, Multi-threading, Event handling and OOPS concepts, including Abstract classes-interfaces-inheritancesUsed detailed design documents to construct development use cases, test bed functionality, and implementation of new features added to the UI and Business Logic layers of RESX and SELEX applications. Writing JavaScript for client side validation on Web application.Responsible for fixing approximately 300 Service Requests for Client/QA reported issues in the product for pre-existing code (specifically in the UI and Database layer).Used the Trace/Debug capabilities of .Net in research and resolution of client reported and internal feature issues in UI and Business Logic layers.Was slightly involved in fixing Service Requests in the Layers that directly connects to the webservices. Used ADO .Net datasets, data readers and data adapters for accessing and persisting data with an Oracle 10g database. Wrote Stored Procedures.In-charge of Deployment of the application to the TEST servers on weekly basis for QA to verify bug fixes or new Feature enhancements.Wrote scripts using tool "Final Builder 5" to automate the deployment process for the application. Professionally trained as Software Engineering Institute (SEI) Personal Software Process (PSP) engineer. Assisted in documenting the procedural steps needed to setup new variant sandboxes, IIS Virtual directories for new releasesInvolved in documenting the application.Involved in preparation of the functional flow.Used AJAX to build third party component for Calendar control and Tool bar using Infragistic controls. Responsible for creating a new variant, along with the creation of Virtual Directories and Assembly Versioning and URLs for a new variant for a new release of RESX application.Participated in the Triage meetings to escalate client reported issues to be fixed on a particular build. Coached / Mentored a new team member for some bug fixes in 2006 for offshore team.Mentoring and Code Reviewing of team members.Manage work allocations, Follow-up to team members and Team co-ordination.Assisted in Creating a Help Document for the application for the end users to clarify their doubts. Participated in Acceptance testing in 2005 for a new build pushed to Test/Staging servers. Ran through certain use cases and in case of acceptance failures, assisted in debugging the bug and fixing and redeploying the product to the servers.Participated in TSP launches to come up with an estimate /LOE for the time needed for the module to be delivered.Ensuring Quality and Timely delivery of the assigned tasks.Worked with QA team and done Performance Testing for the applicationAlways made sure that my deliverables were on time and met the deadlines and I would make sure the requirements were met.Environment:ASP.NET 2.0/3.0, ADO.NET, C#, VB.NET, JavaScript, AJAX, PL-SQL, SQL 2005, XML, Visual Studio 2005/2008, MKS, Source-Safe, Final-Builder 4, Final Builder 5.Software DeveloperICICI Infotech - June 2004 to August 2004Designed and implemented a bookstore shopping cart. It allows users to register and authenticate registered users to purchase using forms authentication. Role based authorization was been incorporated for the application. Registration and Authentication Information were obtained from SQLServer database. Pageable,Sortable Data Grid Controls were used to display the booklist and shopping cart Web Pages. The application was designed to use session state to store common data.Responsibilities:Requirements Gathering & Analysis, Database Design, Estimation & Scheduling, Functional Testing and Load Testing.Developed in ASP.NET Web Forms using Web Controls, User Controls in C#, ASP.NET state Management, ASP.NET caching features, securing ASP.NET web application.Analyzed Business Requirements, created Business Use Case, System Use Case, Activity Diagrams, Class Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams, Deployment Diagram, Use Case Realization, ER Diagram, documenting High Level Design, Low Level Design, Database design.Designed ASP.NET reusable User Control, Action buttons, customize data grid etc.Design and Development of user - Interface screens in Classic ASP.Knowledge about the Event handlers, Server Controls in Webforms.Developed various User Interfaces / UIs screens, Web controls and reports using ASP.NET Web pages and VB.NET WinformsDocumented the application framework.Involved in preparation of the functional flow.Environment:ASP.NET, ADO.NET, C#, SQL Server 2000Software Developer InternICICI Infotech - January 2003 to August 2003Headed a group of 3 for a software project done in a software company for their client. It was a 2-tier model with the database table made in SQL server. It allows the Server to PUSH information for a client (registered in the Server database), with any information that has arrived for him. The Server monitors the clients and uses Push technology to send the data to the Client once the Client logs in.Responsibilities:Worked as a project leader and Participated in full project lifecycle and prepared the project planGathered User Requirements; Interviewed companies coordinator, academic program assistant, and clients need. Study of existing documents about concepts of Push Technology.Design Logical and Physical Data Model.Designed the framework using Data Flow Diagrams (DFD) and E-R Diagrams.Used SQL Server for the back-end database design and testingSoftware DeveloperMukund Iron and Steel Software Technology - August 2001 to January 2002Involved in the software development process for load balancing of multi-processor system. The business solution for this was to allocate jobs to the processes that were idle from the ones that were heavily loaded. It involved designing a framework that could handle the request and the load type and the urgency for completion. With set criteria the code would set a flag in the database that would signify the process where the task needs to be allocated for processing.Responsibilities:Was involved in a team of 4 developers and participated in understanding the current behavior of the system and the way the work is been allocated to different processorsDesigned and developed the user interface, business logic and using VC++.Implemented the user requirement in Visual Studio using VC++ for the processor to load balance the tasks. Environment:Win Forms, VC++.Software DeveloperRukSun Software Technology, Pune, India - October 1999 to June 2001Involved in the software development process for 2-tier solutions that involved monitoring the user login and providing the support to Pop the email contacts received by the user without the need for a request made to the server. Data was persisted to a local SQL database system.Responsibilities:Designed and developed the user interface, business logic and data access layers of the application using VC++, MS Access and SQL.Used detailed design documents to construct development use cases.Used Data Readers and Data adapters for accessing and persisting data with an SQL server.Environment:Win Forms, VC++, MSAccess, SQLEDUCATIONMaster of Science in Computer and Systems EngUniversity of Houston - Houston, TXBachelors of Technology in Computer EngineeringDr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Technological UniversitySKILLSOperating Systems: Windows Platform- All versions NET framework: VB.NET, C#.NET, ASP.NET, LINQ, DotNetNuke Languages: C#, C, VC++, SQL 2005, PL/SQL, T-SQL, Verilog HDL Environment: Visual Studio 2008, Team Foundation Server(TFS), Visual Source Safe, Visual studio. Net, MKS, Agile methodology/ SCRUM Web Tools: ASP, HTML, XML, AJAX, Telerik controls Script Languages: JQuery, JavaScript Databases: SQL Server 2005/2008, Stored Procedures, MS Access 2000 Database Access Tech.: SSRS, SSIS, ADO.NET and ODBC. Packages: MS-Office, Microsoft Visio, Macromedia Dreamweaver, FrontPage, Adobe PhotoshopADDITIONAL INFORMATIONOperating Systems: Windows Platform- All versionsNET framework: VB.NET, C#.NET, ASP.NET, LINQ, DotNetNukeLanguages: C#, C, VC++, SQL 2005, PL/SQL, T-SQL, Verilog HDLEnvironment: Visual Studio 2008, Team Foundation Server(TFS), Visual Source Safe, Visual studio. Net, MKS, Agile methodology/SCRUMWeb Tools: ASP, HTML, XML, AJAX, Telerik controlsScript Languages: JQuery, JavaScriptDatabases: SQL Server 2005/2008, Stored Procedures, MS Access 2000Database Access Tech.: SSRS, SSIS, ADO.NET and ODBC.Packages: MS-Office, Microsoft Visio, Macromedia Dreamweaver, FrontPage, Adobe Photoshop