Ollice ChesterSCA Electronic Maintenance Tech 2 - Computer Science CorporationColumbus, GA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ollice-Chester/bc3068d0c0cf9e35WORK EXPERIENCESCA Electronic Maintenance Tech 2Computer Science Corporation - August 2014 to PresentMaintain, repair, troubleshoot, modify and install various types of electronic equipment and related devices such as electronic transmitting and receiving equipment (e.g., radar, radio, television, telecommunication, sonar, and navigational aids). Apply technical knowledge of electronics principles in determining equipment malfunctions, and repairing equipment to its normal operation. Applies skill in restoring equipment operation, evaluates performance and reliability of prototype or production mode. Recommend changes in circuitry or installation specifications to simplify assembly and maintenance. Perform electrical/mechanical adjustment, remove and replace failed components, and make repair on LRU equipment. Fix and repair computers. Document all maintenance actions by inputting data in Maximo.IT Support TechnicianElwood Staffing Services - May 2014 to August 2014Responsible for Project Management of all IT-related Projects on-site. Developed Plant-wide Manufacturing Execution System in coordination with Technical Engineering Department. Maintained local area network infrastructure, including routing/switching equipment, ASA Device, windows servers, VPN configuration (offsite and site-to-site) with guidance of Regional IT Manager;Maintained and Improved Just-in-Sequence (JIS) data exchange and business process coordinating with third- party programming company and customer IT staff. Monthly reporting to management on goals, action items, and progress of IT-related projectsSystem Administrator/Application Support AnalystSEAM Auto Group - Columbus, GA - November 2011 to September 2013My job at SEAM Auto Group has me supporting users at five dealerships from Georgia, Alabama, and Florida. This job has me install new / rebuild existing servers and configure hardware, peripherals, services, settings, directories, storage, etc. in accordance with standards and project/operational requirements. Other system administrator responsibilities has me doing regular maintenance on the server and patching when necessary. Other responsible have me performing daily backup operations, ensuring all required file systems and system data are successfully backed up to the appropriate media, recovery tapes or disks are created. Perform preventive maintenance on equipment, troubleshoot, and repair equipment as necessary. Create, change, and delete user accounts per request and provide Tier III/other support per request from various constituencies. Investigate and troubleshoot issues along with repairing and recovering issues from hardware or software failures. Diagnose, isolate and de-bug software problems and perform problem resolution. I also have to apply OS patches and upgrades on a regular basis, modify, install and prepare technical documentation for system software applications. Often I perform ongoing performance tuning, hardware upgrades, and resource optimization as required. Configure CPU, memory, and disk partitions as required. Part of my job had me maintaining and troubleshooting electronic equipment for service technicians. My duties have me supporting networking printers, putting them on the system, giving them IP addresses. Often times I have to reimage computers that have corrupt hard drives. Being the system administrator has me providing support for LAN/ WAN problems. Our phones are done thru VOIP so I have to check and make sure the PBX box is working￼correctly. When we have problems with our third party vendors software or hardware, The job has me troubleshoot the problems with the vendor related software.Computer Support AnalystBAE Systems - Fort Benning, GA - January 2009 to March 2011I am the IMO for BAE Systems, I work at Kelly Hill on Fort Benning. My job has me supporting 50-75 users on Kelly Hill and Main Post. My job also has me providing staff and users with assistance solving computer related problems, such as malfunctions and program problems. Test, maintain, and monitor computer programs and systems, including coordinating the installation of computer programs and systems. Determine computer software or hardware needed to set up or alter system. Perform preventive maintenance on equipment, troubleshoot, and repair equipment as necessary. Recommending new equipment or software packages. Other responsibilities have me logging into the user computers as the administrator to download drivers, network printers, performing analysis of operations error, tracking the status, resolving problems and recording solutions.. It also requires me to set up new users email accounts. I'm also the IASO(Information Assurance Security Officer), so I have to make sure to train users on how to work computer systems and programs. Another one of my tasks are to make sure everyone has completed their test to have access to the internet. And my sure those user have the right clearance as well. I'm also the alternate Sr. WMMS administrator. When the primary WMMS administrator is out I have to take over her duties. My duties consist of operating the system and resolving common errors. Making sure the information on the server is replicated twice a day using Microsoft SQL Server 2005. I have to make sure that all users have no connectivity issues and make sure all updates and patches are push down the users. I'm also the SAMS administrator. Since our box is not a live box I have to manually update and install the patches and MMDF.Computer TechnicianQualxServ - Columbus, GA - February 2006 to December 2008My job at Qualxserv is a part-time job. I work from home, and what I do is go on Qualxserv's website portal and see what jobs are posted for me to do that day. Then I call up the customers and set up a time to work on their computer or laptop. All of the computers I fix are Dell computers. I have all the basic dell certifications for desktops and portables. My job requires me to have customer support skills to communicate with the customer. The job requires me to fix and repair computer components. Troubleshoot complex hardware or software problems. Most of the jobs are located on Fort Benning area.ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Skills:A+ Certified, Network+ Certified, Security+ Certified, MCP, 35 wpm, customer support skills, able to repair and troubleshoot various types of electronic devices, experience in networking, experienced in Active Directory, Active Secret Security Clearance, Information Assurance Security Officer, experienced in configuring and maintaining Windows Server 2003 and 2008. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, excellent help desk and customer interface skills, knowledge of Linux based operating systems