Olsberg RodriguesSoftware Developer - Teknorix, Verna - Goa, IndiaVerna, MS - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Olsberg-Rodrigues/53225373e0d5fa88A Post Graduate in computer application, I find myself highly responsible, creative, with initiative and punctuality, I responsibly accept the challenges and goals that the organization assigns me, adaptable to change, ability to work under high pressure, as well as to solve problems efficiently and effectively in achieving productivity goals set by the company.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperTeknorix, Verna - Goa, India - Goa, IN - December 2013 to PresentJobsoid"• A cloud based applicant tracking system. Simplifies the recruitment process of your applicants.Personalize your recruiting strategy through Jobsoid, by setting up a hosted Jobsite, integrating with your corporate website or simply receiving candidate resumes via email."DSH5Banner System"• A 'generic' banner system built using Typescript using OOPs concept wherein the JavaScript readsXML content and loads the data i.e. ads into the browser."Wongelnet"• A mobile Application which allows the user to browse through a playlist of track or teachings and lets the user play the entire playlist or a single track at a time."Asset Management"• A system using which assets can be tracked and maintained over a large area."Customer Service Request Portal"• Its primary purpose is to allow the user to log a service request by going through a list of predefined problems and reporting the issue by selecting the current location on the Map andsubmitting the Service Request.Software DeveloperGoa Tech Solutions - Goa, IN - June 2013 to December 2013Water Billing Application"• An android water billing application is used to bill domestic as well commercial users of the Government water supply."Maintenance Of Billing Application"• The maintenance included Modifying existing reports.InternZelite - March 2013 to May 2013Project Management & Asset Management"• Project Management and Asset Management built using SharePoint.￼EDUCATIONMasters in Computer ApplicationBangalore University - Bangalore, Karnataka September 2010 to July 2013Bachelors in Computer ScienceGoa UniversityJune 2007 to May 2010SKILLSc#,.net,javascript,Typscript,Jquery,Web Api,n tier applications,Angular js,Telerik Kendo Ui,MVC,HTML5,SQLADDITIONAL INFORMATIONAnalytical, good at problem solving Excellent interpersonal skillsCan work as a team member as well as Positive and result oriented attitude independentlyKeen listener and an effective communicator Stay calm under pressureQUALIFICATIONSTechnical SkillsLanguages: - JavaScript, Jquery, C#, Asp Mvc 4, Html 5.Frameworks: -Ionic Angular Js, Ionic, Angular Kendo Ui, Mvc Kendo UI, Entity Framework. Databases: -Microsoft SQL Server 2008 Express, SQL Lite.Operating System:-Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8.Tools: -Visual Studio 2013, Eclipse.