Omar Elgamal, MBA Global Business ManagerLos Angeles, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/2e164b97193f6cafAccomplished professional with an MBA education (Valedictorian Award) with a focus on marketing and international business. Beta Gamma Sigma International Honor Society member. International marketing and business strategy expert with more than eight years of marketing, business and product management experience.WORK EXPERIENCEBusiness ManagerIngram Micro - March 2015 to PresentManage day to day business relationship with business partners, oversee all aspects of the relationship and ensure regular, coordinated interaction. Accountable for contract adoption & excecution in line with the organization's targets.• Develop annual business and global market plans, while optimizing marketing and pricing strategies throughout the organization to maximize growth, market share, and profitability.• Manage and drive quartely business reviews and performance management. Prepare and give business reviews to senior level executives.• Manage global contract negotiations involving legal, marketing, and business terms. Build strategic working relationships to facilitate the accomplishment of work goals and net new business.• Develop in depth knowledge of technology products and markets as well as competitive knowledge.Product Marketing ManagerFuture Electronics - December 2007 to January 2012Developed deep knowledge of product groups related to pricing trends, inventory levels, and new technology into strategic recommendations for product enhancements and updates.• Negotiated costs and quoted business opportunities to internal and external partners, while optimizing profitability based on holistic understanding of markets, and long standing relationship with suppliers, partners and customers.• Worked with product marketing and business management group to develop margin enhancement strategies as it pertained to the company's goals to drive year over year growth and maximize revenue/net new business.Marketing, Credit Management & Recovery OfficerRBC Financial Group - May 2007 to November 2007Pre-sold RBC products to prospective clients to close gap between comprehensive customer lifecycle.• Primed customers at top of marketing funnel to maximixe average deal size, product fit and closing ratio.• Support customer service team by managing account information and ensuring accuarte client data input/ updates.Leadership and Skills:EDUCATIONMBA in Marketing and International BusinessUniversity of Miami School of Business Administration - Coral Gables, FL 2014￼Bachelor of Commerce in Marketing, International BusinessConcordia University - John Molson School of Business - Montréal, QC 2007SKILLSMicrosoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), CRM programs, Cloud Computing (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS), Music Production tools and understanding of SPSS statistical software.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONLeadership and Affiliates: MBA Valedictorian Award, Beta Gamma Sigma International Honor Society member, Concordia University Egyptian Student Assoication Marketing Deputy [...] University of Miami Alumni Association member.