Osi EliasNetwork Administrator - CompucomDallas, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Osi-Elias/a482fea93ca83163To assiduously and professionally apply my competencies to achieving organizational goals, targets and objectives.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorCompucom - Dallas, TX - July 2013 to PresentSupport multiple organizations network infrastructure and devices remotely spanning over 700 devices. • Site monitoring using SMARTS and HP openview.• Support Cisco, Juniper, Fortinet and Motorola routers and switches.• Monitor & T-shoot network alerts/outage and engage Telco's and field techs to resolve.• T1, T3, ADSL, DSL, Cable connection resolution.• Circuit Outage troubleshooting and ensuring resolution within commit KPI. • Identify potential computer networking and computer application areas.Service Desk SpecialistT-Mobile Regional Business Office - Frisco, TX - May 2013 to June 2013Administrator systems (Computers, printers, network, applications) support for T-Mobile corporate offices, call centers and Retail store.• T-Mobile Computer users account access and policy administration using Active Directory.• Use of Oracle Identity Management application for user permissions administration.• SSL-VPN and RSA token administrator support for corporate users.• Blackberry Enterprise Server administration for Legacy devices and the Blackberry Q10 and Z10• Retail store Kiosk, POS, and Ingenico devices first line support.• Remote desktop Management resolution and Remedy ticketing for user requests.• CITRIX user administration and support.• Microsoft Exchange support• Organization's SAP, CRM, Quickview and T-Mobile proprietary application administration in 24 hours a day, 7 days a week environment.• Wireless devices and Impact 360 phone FL support.Lubricants Sales Operations Specialist (ExxonMobil Corporation (MON))ExxonMobil (MON) - Lagos - June 2010 to March 2013Nigeria Lubricants Sales Business Continuity Process (BCP) contact.• Lubes workgroup coordinator ExxonMobil Links rollout project (Win Server 2003 to 2008, Win xp-Win 7, Lotus notes to outlook 2010, office 2010, SharePoint implementation & Systems upgrade etc)• Lubricants Sales SharePoint page management.• Modify configurations, utilities, software default settings, for local Lubricants SharePoint page.• Directly interface with customers by phone and email to provide help desk support and resolve problems to the end user's satisfaction• Constantly and consistently create tickets with clear notes for lubricant user issues to IT and monitor tickets in progress.￼• Perform in house training on user system clean up and other issues both software and hardware related before audit.• Mobil Lubricants Sales Projects implementation.• Nigeria L & S sales Contracting Specialist-COCOA Contracts Database administrator.IT OfficerCapital Trust Investment Ltd - Lagos - August 2008 to July 2010ICT project Network Design, implementation and support(Office space utilization and systems utilization)• Windows 2003/2008 server administration and Service Desk (call, asset & inventory management) support • Network monitoring and support using Solarwinds• BCM Remedy IT Service Management for ticketing.• Implementation and management of WAN, LAN Networks using VLAN, OSPF, EIGRP, BGP protocols• 24X7 on-call support to IT WAN/LAN infrastructure, Routers, switches, firewall & wireless devices.• 24X7 on-call helpdesk/systems support to users (PC and MAC).• Vendor Management, ensuring of SLA QoS and generation of maintenance and technical reports.• Planning, development, & implementation of all ICT solutions and acceptance testing for data networks.• IT operations management, application management, network monitoring and control.• Incident management, Request fulfillment and Access management.• Business value development and ERM solution projects management.• Installation and support for Macintosh systems.• PABX and Cisco VOIP administration support.• Website administration and mail server support.• Disaster Recovery design and implementation.• Network diagnosis and provision of technical support and reporting.• Installation and support for Macintosh and Linux systems• Reporting for ICT incidents, request and configuration.• Provision of user supports for hardware, software and Windows operating system.• Configuration and maintenance of desktop computers, laptops and printers.• Installation of software packages.• Implementation of data security toolsBackup Storage Consultant (ExxonMobil Corporation (MPN) NigeriaFredism - Lagos - July 2009 to July 200924X7 tape backup administration for DLT, LTO 2&3.• Storage Inventory analysis and provision of technical reports • Backup recovery identification and restoration.(Customer Service)-InternExxonMobil (MON) - Lagos - June 2005 to November 2005Communication with fuel(gas) station dealers• Scheduling and delivery of petroleum products.• Transport Allocation and Algorithm of petroleum products.• Was given an opportunity to act as assistant to new scheduling and delivery officer for a month resulting in 70% reduction in delivery lag time and doubled truck trip during fuel scarcity.EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Mechanical EngineeringLAGOS STATE UNIVERSITY - Lagos2007ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCOMPUTER PROFICIENCY SKILLSGood knowledge of WAN, LAN, OSPF, BGP, EIGRP, VLAN, Trunking and network administrationGood knowledge of network device management and troubleshooting (Cisco, Juniper, Fortinet and Motorola routers and switches)Excellent Use of SAP ERM and Sibel CRM web application.Project management using Microsoft office project 2003 project management suite.Excellent use of Microsoft Office 2010 suite especially Excel and Access for data analysis(Vlookups, Pivot, charts) and reporting.Knowledge of device security management(Cisco ASA, ZBF, using ASDM and CCP)Excellent working knowledge of SharePoint.Excellent use of BCM Remedy, Clarify IT Service Management suite for IT management.Installation, Configuration and support of Cisco VPN and RSA token administration supportCITRIX user administration and support.Use of Microsoft Office Access database management.Knowledge management process skill and tape backup administration(DLT, LTO2 &3)Macintosh and Linux operating systems support.Installation of Red Hat, Fedora, Ubuntu and Suse Linux Distributions, good understanding of run levels, basic Networking and troubleshooting in Linux, Samba configuration and basic Linux security.