Paul FisherMillbury, MA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Paul-Fisher/d910126709537d7bExperienced Network Service and Support Administrator with strong troubleshooting and networking skills; Providing excellent customer support internally and externally; Demonstrates ability to lead and take charge in emergency situations; Excellent interpersonal and communication skills; Efficient, organized and skilled in fast paced deadline driven environments.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorOxford, MA - 2011 to PresentDesigned and implemented new switch infrastructure to replace aging switch infrastructure form 100MB to 1GB to desktop. Implemented 10GB for virtual server and SAN network.• Designed and Implemented VMWare virtual infrastructure to consolidate physical server to virtual infrastructure. Also enabling the HA capabilities of VMWare.• Upgraded server environment form Windows Server 2003 to Server 2008. • Planned and Migrated form Exchange 2003 to Exchange 2010.• Planned and Migrated Active directory to 2008 Schema and 2012 Schema • Manage Test/UAT infrastructures• Manage day to day monitoring, and break fix of infrastructure• Manage Firewall for infrastructure with three VDOM's• Perform and Manage Server backup and restore using Veeam and Symantec backup ExecBarracuda serverBlackstone Valley Technical Regional School District - Upton, MA - 2004 to 2011Upton, MANetwork Support 2004-2011• Monitor daily and when needed adjust configurations on all network servers including Exchange server for e-mail accounts and e-mail access• Barracuda server for spam and e-mail delivery• Maintain firmware updates on Fortigate firewall for network security as well as content filtering• Configuration and maintaining CCTV security/surveillance camera system• VMware ESX Server, Data and Application Servers.• Perform daily backup and restore of network servers using Backup Exec• Daily review of network system logs and perform appropriate action to resolve performance issues identified in the logs• Install updates and patches to the network servers and desktops operating systems in a timely manner. • Monitor network resources and user accounts usage• Maintain Virus Protection for servers and 750 Desktops• Manage Patching of all network hardware and software.• Install, troubleshoot, and maintain network cabling, switches, and VLANs.• Assist the Technology Director in the selection and implementation of network monitoring tools to ensure efficient and safe operation of the network.• Assist in the acquisition of Networking and desktop hardware.￼• Work with instructional staff members to identify and implement network-based applications of technology that enhance instruction and student learning in both academic and vocational areas.• Assist the Technology Director in identification and implementation of network-based applicationsThat enhances the efficient operations of the school district and/or provides cost savings to the district.Field Support TechnicianUnisys Corporation - Burlington, MA - 2001 to 2003Responsible for on-site installing, maintaining and repairing company and multi-vendor systems ( DELL, GATEWAY, HP) which include hardware, software and networking products as well as operating systems. Troubleshoot hardware and software.Ensure customer satisfaction by advising customers on preventative maintenance and configurations which may impact product performance.Take responsibility for potential or desired follow-up services (Sales/Systems Engineering) or problem escalation.Excellent References available upon requestEDUCATIONProject ManagementSouthern New Hampshire University 2013CertificateClark University Computer Career Institute 2002U.S. Army Technical School Technical High SchoolADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL SKILLS• Windows 95/98/2000/XP/Vista/Windows7, Windows 8.1, Server 2000/2003/2008R2/2012R2 Macintosh OS9, OSX OSX Server• Office XP, Office 2007, Office 2010, Office 2013 Office 2004/2008 for Macintosh Hardware and Software Installation, Printer, Scanners and other peripherals standalone and networked• Active Directory administration Server 2000/2003/2008/2012• Troubleshooting Software, Hardware, Operating System• Desktop Laptop Roll out and Hardware Software Support• Symantec Ghost and Endpoint Protection Installation, Troubleshooting configuration• Configuration of Sonicwall, Fortigate Firewall and Fortianalyzer for reporting and monitoring users web traffic • Wireless access point configuration HP Procurve Switch configuration• VMWare ESX Server Configuration and Maintenance. Upgrade VMware3.5 environment to vSphere 4 environment. Upgrade vSphere 4.1 to 5.1• Build VMWare infrastructure environment 4.1 multi tenancy infrastructure.• Hitachi iSCSI SAN Administration, Dell EqualLogic Administration.• CCTV Configuration and installation