Perry Coolbaugh Lawyer - Client RelationshipsWilmington, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Perry-Coolbaugh/5ef3105bf36da44dLogical and Analytical. As both a Marine Corps Team Leader and a law student, I have frequently been exposed to complex problems and I have consistently produced logical solutions. Thrives under Pressure. Throughout my military and legal career, I always performed well in stressful situations. Love a Challenge. For the past eleven years I have challenged myself at the highest levels physically, mentally and emotionally and have enjoyed the journey. Work Ethic. I am the first person in my family to go to college, getting where I am required an unparalleled work ethic. Work Well with Others. Whether in a leadership role, an advocate or working as a subordinate, I work well with others.Experiential Exposure• Veteran's Law• Family Law• Legal Research• Liability Insurance• Social Security & Disability• Classified Information SecurityWORK EXPERIENCELawyerClient Relationships - Wilmington, DE - August 2014 to PresentWilmington, DE August 2014-PresentCertified Legal Intern- Veteran's CompensationHelp lower income Veterans file disability compensation claims and appeal decisions to the Department of Veterans Affairs. Assist attorneys by conducting legal research, writing briefs, presenting at hearings and communicating with Veterans on a regular basis.Business Consultant - Insurance, Contracts and MarketingPAC Fitness LLC - Forty Fort, PA - June 2012 to PresentForty Fort, PA June 2012-PresentBusiness Consultant - Insurance, Contracts and MarketingRegistered PAC Fitness as an LLC with the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Authored Client Contracts and Waiver of Liability documents. Researched and obtained an appropriate liability insurance policy for the business. Revised marketing information in order to best attract customers.Certified Legal Intern - Family Law and Social Security Disability LawPAC Fitness LLC - Southeastern, PA - March 2014 to August 2014of Southeastern Pennsylvania, West Chester, PA March 2014-August 2014Certified Legal Intern - Family Law and Social Security Disability LawConducted client interviews, corresponded and communicated with clients on a regular basis to ensure a good lawyer-client relationship. Conducted legal research into clients' complex legal issues and instructed the client on the best solutions. Represented clients in hearings.￼Intern - Wills, Estate Planning and Family LawLaw Office of John Leary - Boothwyn, PA - May 2012 to August 2012Spoke with clients and observed Mr. Leary as he conducted interviews and gave general legal advice. Reviewed wills authored by the attorney and learned his general business practices.Infantry Rifleman/Team Leader - Armed Forces of the United StatesUnited States Marine Corps - Camp Pendleton, CA - February 2004 to February 2008Camp Pendleton, CA February 2004-February 2008Infantry Rifleman/Team Leader - Armed Forces of the United StatesCompleted three foreign deployments over a four year enlistment (East Timor, Southeast Asia, Iraq). Served as trainer and team leader of both newer Marines and equal service time peers. Promoted to Corporal of the Guard in 2005. Issued a Government Secret Clearance and frequently entrusted with secret and classified information, 2004-2008.EDUCATIONJ.D.Widener University School of Law May 2015BA in Political Science & GovernmentThe Ohio State University June 2012