Peter Buckheister Web Developer - Sourcebooks, Inc- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Peter-Buckheister/8c9c78e906d284fbDegreed IT professional with 4+ years of experience developing, coding, testing, and deploying production ready web applications for the ecommerce and healthcare industries. 20+ years of coding experience.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperSourcebooks, Inc - July 2013 to Presentwww.putmeinthestory.com - Responsible for development, maintenance, and security of IRC Top 500 e-commerce website. Developed database solutions, coded, tested, and deployed platform add-ons for technologies such as Optimizely, PowerReviews, UserVoice, and Google Analytics. Performed server upgrades in an AWS environment. Also worked on the development of www.simpletruths.com, www.sourcebooks.com, and www.discoveranewlove.com.• Implemented technical documentation standards used for internal IT purposes as well as PCI-DSS certification.• Integrated PHP PDF builder that generated custom PDFs for on-demand personalized book creation. Developed XML and CSV order data feeds for printer partners, as well as integrations with APIs for white label websites and other clients. Maintained customer data in a secure PCI compliant manner. Project managed 3rd party developers located in Vietnam (Aluent Group).IT AdministratorSmith, Wykes, and Associates - August 2007 to PresentPC• IT administrator at small attorney's office. Maintain office equipment, including network and server infrastructure. Windows server and MS Exchange maintenance and security. Back-end website data and server maintenance.Systems Support/Programmer AnalystKish Health Systems - June 2012 to July 2013Architected, developed and coded the Physician Messaging System. Built from the ground up as an alternative to an available 3rd party web application. Secure internal messaging application that allowed doctors and nurses to communicate simple notes attached to an electronic patient data record. SQL 2008 R2 backend .NET 3.5 framework with a C#/ASP web interface.• Assisted with coding solutions, technical debugging, and providing support for confidential electronic patient records, intranets, and patient portals on an ASP .NET platform.EDUCATIONAAS in Applied Science, Computer Information SystemsKishwaukee College - Malta, IL 2010 to 2012￼ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCOMPUTER SKILLSLanguages and Technologies• Proficient in: HTML5, CSS/LESS, PHP, jQuery, JavaScript, C#, ASP and .NET frameworks, SMARTY, MS SQL and MySQL, Linux, SSL, IIS, Apache and nGinx, XML and JSON data structures.• Familiar with: Java, C++, Android SDK, VB, iOS, SharePoint.• Extensive experience with AWS systems, including EC2 and RDS instances, AMIs, S3, Route 53, and SQS. Familiar with Mercurial and Apache Subversion source control platforms,• Also experienced in CMS, e-commerce software, Trello, JIRA Atlassian, SDLC and project management.