Philip Balliet, MBA, PMPAlexandria, VA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/b47eb4e100caec2fWORK EXPERIENCEAviation Program ManagerJMA Solutions - Washington, DCSenior Project Manager (Consultant)North Star Group, LLC - Washington, DC - July 2014 to March 2015ResponsibilitiesServes as a Senior Project Manager supporting the U.S. Department of the Interior's Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO) Project Management Office (PMO). Provides project management guidance and oversight for OCIO IT Transformation, project management subject matter expertise and consultation support for Information Assurance (IA) projects, and performs project risk/issue management and project schedule management.Skills UsedProject Management Professional (PMP) Master of Business Administration (MBA)Aviation AnalystNorth Star Group, LLC - Washington, DC - October 2013 to July 2014ResponsibilitiesAviation operations research analyst in support of the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), providing operational aviation and technical expertise to the Aircraft Access to System Wide Information Management (AAtS) initiative (ANG-C53/ANG-B2). Further responsible for various project management activities including schedule management, risk management, scope management, human resource management, and stakeholder management.Skills UsedProject Management Professional (PMP) BS Aeronautical ScienceFAA Commercial Pilot LicenseAviation Analyst/Subject Matter ExpertLMI - McLean, VA - December 2011 to October 2013ResponsibilitiesAviation analyst in support of Product Director Automated Movement and Identification Solutions’ Air Movement Request (AMR) System, providing aviation subject matter expertise regarding the request for air movement of passengers and cargo to military customers worldwide. Developed technical and operational requirements for military and civilian customers. Managed of all program risks within the organization, as well as interfaces between client and stakeholders. Coordinated and facilitated Technical Review Boards and Data Authentication Groups. Editor for internal and external correspondence.Skills UsedProject Management Professional (PMP) BS Aeronautical Science￼US Army Aviation OfficerDeputy Division Aviation OfficerUnited States Amy - Fort Stewart, GA - March 2009 to February 2011ResponsibilitiesResponsible for coordinating aviation support to Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen, Marines, and Civilians within the largest Area of Operations in Iraq. Responsible for prioritizing air mission requests, conducting mission analysis, aviation mission planning, and personnel recovery operations. Provided aviation subject matter expertise to senior leadership within the Division staff.Accomplishments〓 Coordinated timely and responsive attack, lift, and medical evacuation aircraft support to 26,000 personnel covering a 38,000 square mile area in northern Iraq.〓 Led 5 personnel in the Division Operations Center providing 24 hour aviation coverage. Coordinated and monitored up to 16 aircraft at time, an average of 80 flight hours per day. Flawlessly executed the movement of over 96,000 Soldiers throughout northern Iraq over a 13 month period.〓 Increased efficiency by over 10 percent. Created a flight hour tracker of over 120 aircraft in Northern Iraq over a 13 month period. The trend analysis provided senior leadership with a plan to maximize aircraft utilization with reduced assets.Company Executive OfficerUnited States Army - Fort Wainwright, AK - November 2006 to April 2008ResponsibilitiesPlanned and executed maintenance and distribution support for a General Support Aviation Battalion. Responsible for the maintenance of 271 ground vehicles, refueling operations for 32 helicopters, and sustainment of 850 Soldiers. Further responsible for all unit readiness reports and personnel actions including awards, evaluations, and disciplinary actions. Served as the Company Environmental Health and Safety Officer, responsible for management of all unit safety programs, safety training, inspection, and accident and incident investigation.Accomplishments〓 Inherited a failing safety program. Within 90 days received a “Commendable” rating of 92% during an annual Department of the Army Inspection, with 2 parts of the program becoming the Battalion standard.〓 Improved the ration ordering process, saving $15K in the dining facility’s annual budget.〓 Led a 720 mile ground convoy consisting of 19 vehicles through harsh arctic terrain and temperatures in excess of -35 degrees; a first for an aviation unit in United States Army Alaska. Received praise from the USARAK Commanding General for the ability to manage complex situations and avoid injuries.Aviation Platoon LeaderUnited States Army - Fort Wainwright, AK - October 2005 to November 2006ResponsibilitiesLed and trained a 15-member platoon charged with command aviation operations in support of United States Army Alaska. Responsible for maintaining accountability and serviceability of all assigned equipment to include four UH-60 helicopters, one ground vehicle, and associated organizational property. Responsible for aircrew training ensuring each soldier is technically and tactically prepared to fight.Accomplishments〓 Awarded the Army Achievement Medal for leadership as the Air Mission Commander of over 10 missions in support of a readiness training rotation in preparation for deployment to Iraq. Flew over 240 accident and incident free hours with 100 percent mission accomplishment.〓 Personally accountable for 4 helicopters and associated equipment valued at over $25M.〓 Led 40 personnel and 6 helicopters on a 2-week humanitarian medical support mission to remote villages surrounding Nome, Alaska. Flew over 170 accident free hours with 100 percent mission success in harsh Alaska winter conditions.Battalion Aviation Operations OfficerUnited States Army - Fort Wainwright, AKResponsibilitiesResponsible for resourcing the training and operations of 12 helicopters and over 200 personnel, and for preparing the Battalion for combat. Served as a member of the advanced party, responsible for helping the Battalion transition from Korea to Alaska as part of Army Aviation’s transformation. Managed training resources in support of battle focused training plans and executed joint and combined operations throughout the Korean Peninsula and United States Army Alaska.EDUCATIONMBA in AviationEmbry-Riddle Aeronautical University - Daytona Beach, FL 2013 to 2014Project Management Professional (PMP)Project Management Institute - Landover, MD 2012 to 2012Bachelor of Science in Aeronautical ScienceEmbry-Riddle Aeronautical University - Daytona Beach, FL 1998 to 2002