Pooja Nanda Software Engineer - TN- MMIS- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Pooja-Nanda/e334a35e730881d1WORK EXPERIENCESoftware EngineerTN- MMIS - Nashville, TN - March 2013 to PresentTN - MMIS also known as TCMIS -TennCare Management Information System. TennCare is the State of Tennessee's Medicaid program that provides health care for 1.2 million Tennesseans and operates with an annual budget of approximately 8 billion dollars. This is a highly sophisticated, feature-rich system centered on a strong, Medicaid-specific relational data model. It divides the application into components so that they process on different networked computers, leveraging the true power of client/server architecture. The design and supporting architecture deliver enhanced flexibility, scalability and reliability.Responsibilities:• As per the requirement create detailed technical design after understanding the 'AS IS' business.• Involvement in various stages of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).• Estimating the complexity, duration and effort required to complete the projects.• Develop and Implement code changes using C, C++, PERL, UNIX and Oracle 10g.• Assist Business Analyst and Tester in Model office and UAT testing.• Create Tables, Database Triggers, Functions, Cursors and Complex SQL queries by using Oracle 10g.• Used tools like Toad, Putty, DBX, and Erwin, ITRACE, ClearCase, Web-Based Project Wrkbook, Quality center, Serena team track and Ultra Edit to develop/enhance the existing application.• Deploy/integrate the approved codes using ClearCase tool into all testing environments and follow the rest of the process until task completion.• Transfer input and output files between different servers using FTP, SCP, SFTP and FileZilla.• Review Requirement document and Business design created by Business analyst.• Review Test plan document and test case document created by Tester.• Review Technical design, coding and unit test results developed by my team members.• Review the technical design developed by Power Builder front end team members.• Review and update the defects logged by tester in HP Quality Center (HPQC).• Automate the regular manual work; identify and resolve production issues.• Develop ADHOC reports for the external agencies as per the HIPAA standards by using a C program or by using complex SQL Queries.• Developed complex C and JAVA programs to automate the Provider enrolment process.• Developed complex C and JAVA programs to implement PBM project.• Develop, enhance and test the JAVA (Embedded C) batch code and shell script for the subsystems like Financial, Provider, Claims and Drug rebate.• Create claims extracts for external agencies.Environment:C, C++, PERL, SQL, PL/SQL, JAVA, VI editor, Ultra Edit, Oracle 10g, Toad, SQL developer, UNIX (Sun Solaris), KSH and Windows XP.Project LeaderSyntel Inc - Nashville, TN - November 2012 to February 2013￼Concuity/Clear-Contracts is the replacement application for several existing HCA/SSC applications. Clear Contracts is a web based solution and comprehensive tool for managing Contract Modeling as well as working Underpayments, Overpayments, and Appeals.Responsibilities:• Involvement in various stages of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).• Create jobs to include new facilities into Concuity system.• Understand the business process and the new requirement and communicate that to the offshore development team.• Create Tables, Database Triggers, Functions, Cursors and Complex SQL queries by using Oracle 10g.• To make sure the Production cycle completed on time as mentioned in SLA.• Transfer input and output files between different servers using FTP, SCP, SFTP and FileZilla.• Review Technical design, coding and unit test results developed by my team members.• Automate the regular manual work; identify and resolve production issues.• Communicate to the management team about the status of the Production cycle.Environment:SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX (Sun Solaris), IBM mainframe, DMExpress, Vi editor, Oracle 10g, Toad, SQL developer, KSH and Windows XP.Software EngineerMphasis Corp - Nashville, TN - April 2008 to November 2012TN - MMIS also known as TCMIS -TennCare Management Information System. TennCare is the State of Tennessee's Medicaid program that provides health care for 1.2 million Tennesseans and operates with an annual budget of approximately 8 billion dollars. This is a highly sophisticated, feature-rich system centered on a strong, Medicaid-specific relational data model. It divides the application into components so that they process on different networked computers, leveraging the true power of client/server architecture. The design and supporting architecture deliver enhanced flexibility, scalability and reliability.Responsibilities:• Create detailed technical design after understanding the 'AS IS' business process and the new requirement. The created technical design will reviewed internally and sent to client (TennCare) to get approval.• Involvement in various stages of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).• Estimating the complexity, duration and effort required to complete the projects.• Develop and Implement code changes using C, C++, PERL, UNIX and Oracle 10g.• Assist Business Analyst and Tester in Model office and UAT testing.• Create Tables, Database Triggers, Functions, Cursors and Complex SQL queries by using Oracle 10g.• Used tools like Toad, Putty, DBX, Erwin, iTRACE, ClearCase, Web-Based Project Workbook, Quality center, Serena team track and UltraEdit to develop/enhance the existing application.• Deploy/integrate the approved codes using ClearCase tool into all testing environments and follow the rest of the process until task completion.• Transfer input and output files between different servers using FTP, SCP, SFTP and FileZilla.• Review Requirement document and Business design created by Business analyst.• Review Test plan document and test case document created by Tester.• Review Technical design, coding and unit test results developed by my team members.• Review the technical design developed by Power Builder front end team members.• Review and update the defects logged by tester in HP Quality Center (HPQC).• Automate the regular manual work; identify and resolve production issues.• Designed and developed the automation process of Electronic Remittance advice (835) for the providers enrolled in Tenncare.• Develop adhoc reports for the external agencies as per the HIPAA standards by using a C program or by using complex SQL Queries.• Developed complex C and JAVA programs to automate the Provider enrolment process.• Develop, enhance and test the JAVA (Embedded C) batch code and shell script for the subsystems like Financial, Provider, Claims and Drug rebate.Environment:C, C++, PERL, PL-SQL, Vi editor, UltraEdit, Oracle 10g, Toad, SQL developer, UNIX (Sun Solaris), KSH and Windows XP.Mphasis - Mumbai, Maharashtra - July 2006 to March 2008Project: AL- MMIS (Alabama -Medicaid Management Information System)Medicaid is a US government driven program to provide free medical assistance to the people. It is a huge program in US and has a lot of complex processes. EDS has designed a product named interChange to carry out these processes. interChange has a .NET based web portal & UNIX based back-end processing logic. It uses Oracle 10g database to maintain huge amount of data.Responsibilities:• Analyze and design technical specification based on AL- MMIS Financial and Claims sub-systems requirements.• Involvement in various stages of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).• Estimating the complexity, duration and effort required to complete the projects.• Enhancements and defect fixes for the AL- MMIS project Financial and claims sub-system.• Implement code changes using JAVA, C++, PERL, C, C++, PERL, UNIX and SQL.• Review Technical design, coding and unit test results developed by my team members.• Use Putty, TOAD, DBX tools to develop and support for the existing application.• Obtain approval and deploy/integrate codes using VCTL (Version Control) tool into all environments and follow the rest of the process until task completion.• Develop adhoc reports for the external agencies as per the HIPAA standards.• Transfer input and output files between different servers using FTP, SCP and SFTP.• Worked on back-end batch processing in different subsystems like Financial, Claims, Drug Rebate and Provider.Environment:SQL, PL/SQL, JAVA, C++, PERL, C, C++, PERL, Vi editor, UltraEdit, Oracle 10g, Toad, Unix (Sun Solaris), Windows XP.Project: CT- MMIS (Connecticut - Medicaid Management Information System)Medicaid is a US government driven program to provide free medical assistance to the people. It is a huge program in US and has many complex processes. EDS has designed a product named interChange to carry out these processes. InterChange has a .NET based web portal & UNIX based back-end processing logic. It uses Oracle 9i database to maintain huge amount of data.Responsibilities:• Understand the Core process and function of MMIS project.• Analyze/Create Technical Specification and estimate man hours.• Implement code changes using C, C++, PERL, JAVA and XML. • Develop script using KSH, GDG and Opttech sort.• Unit Test and document the unites results.• Update documents in Project Workbook using FileZilla.• Check in codes using VCTL and follow the process until task completion.• Actively support Testers in functional testing.• Work on Program, Job and Report Validation for various sub-systems.• Worked on back-end batch processing in different subsystems like Financial, Claims and Drug Rebate.Environment:C, C++, PERL, SQL, VI editor, Oracle 9i, Toad, UNIX (Sun Solaris), Windows XP.EDUCATIONBachelor of Engineering in Computer ScienceAnna UniversityADDITIONAL INFORMATIONOperating Systems: Windows 98/2000/2003 Server, Professional/XP, UNIX.Programming Languages: C, C++, Perl, JAVA (Embedded SQL) and PL/SQL, XML.Scripting Languages: KORN shell script (KSH).Tools and Software: Putty, TOAD, SQL Developer, DBX (Debugger), FileZilla, GDG, OPTTECH sort, Erwin, ITRACE, Quality center, Serena team track, VI-Editor and ULTRAEDIT.Version Controls: VCTL (Version Control), ClearCase (Software Configuration Management system).MAJOR ASSIGNMENTS