Porsche Harris, MBA Human Resource Management CertifiedHephzibah, GA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/a7b9a868b1563588Current graduate student in Human Resource Management. Well-regarded for interpersonal, organizational, and leadership skills. Proven leadership abilities, including empathetic listening, delegating task, recruiting, and training. Demonstrated ability to apply transferable skills from prior background to the human resource field. Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCECustomer Service AdvocateAmerican Express - Virtual - July 2013 to Present• Developed customer retention through effective negotiation skills, which encouraged customers to continue tenure and increased company revenue.• Participated in teamwork/open door environment to develop general verbiage in order to build rapport with customers and increase retention rate.• 90% of time spent on the phones responding to incoming calls from existing and potential customers needing assistance with account management and showcasing the ability to troubleshoot and resolve customer complaints.• Evaluate and analyze account information and recommend tailored solutions to Premiere and Consumer customers, reinforce benefits including cross selling relevant products and services.Recruiter/ManagerDestiny Worship Center - Augusta, GA - June 2013 to Present• Built partnerships with senior leaders and staff to influence business decisions by providing expert advice.• Created job descriptions as well as develop and execute recruiting plans to efficiently and effectively fill open positions with a pool of qualified candidates in advance of need.• Built networks to find qualified candidates through appropriate Internet sources, including social and professional networking sites.• Increased employee staffing needs by 40% and captivated employee enthusiasm through engagement, rewards and recognition that drive business results for our television/talk shows.• Recruited and cultivated a team of 15 volunteers to be proficient in the areas of Production, Marketing and Videography.EDUCATIONCertification in Human Resource ManagementCapella University - Virtual 2014 to 2015Masters of Business AdministrationUniversity of Phoenix April 2012￼SKILLSRecruiting, Training, Management, Social Media, Photography, Film, Editing, Final Cut Pro, Adobe Premiere Pro, Inventory Management, Graphic DesignLINKS http://www.linkedin.com/pub/porsche-harris-mba/52/797/81a/￼