Quenesha CurryDallas, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Quenesha-Curry/92cb3805b59d7a65WORK EXPERIENCECASHIERTarget - Garland, TX - 2013 to PresentResponsible for opening and closing the store café and assisting with all food service request for Target customers and employees.* Assist with computerized tracking of inventory by staging, receiving, and performing QC checks for documenting discrepancies.* Prepared register currency counts and run banking audit reports daily to balance out the start of the day and end of the day till amounts.* Cross-trained to assist with retail cashier operations.RECORDS CLERKAramark - Dallas, TX - 2011 to PresentCollect and correct physician's dietary orders and input/update meal plan information in the hospital database. * Educate patients on types on cardiac, diabetic and low sodium diets plans and communicate with the clinical staff about the diet order list.* Distribute and deliver meal and food items to the assigned areas within the facility.* Additional duties include entering patient details and requests remotely into a wireless device and troubleshooting the device when the device has malfunctioned.STUDENT UNION SUPERVISORBaylor University - Waco, TX - 2010 to 2011Ensured that each food station was thoroughly sanitized, promptly and efficiently setup, and continuously stocked.* Created student schedules based on the student's school schedule and the anticipated need of the dining hall operations.* Accompanied the management staff during the interview process for the potential hiring of new candidates. * Reported any and all issues that occurred to management which included employee attendance and conduct, a service request for needed maintenance, or food\beverage\supplies refill.* Responsible for being the first point of contact to resolve customer and employee needs and conflicts as they arose.SUMMER RECREATION COUNSELORCity of Dallas - Dallas, TX - 2006 to 2009Coordinated with summer camp counselors to plan out, develop, and implement the daily activities for the camp program.* Responsible for children from the ages of 6-14. I ensured the group(s) assigned to me were checked in daily according to the roll manifest and accounted for during camp activities and field trips.* Report all incident/accidents promptly to the supervisor or health supervisor on duty.EDUCATIONB.S. in Psychology￼Texas Women's University - Denton, TXADDITIONAL INFORMATIONQUALIFICATIONSDedicated professional seeking to apply interpersonal and organizational skills to a position. Ability to excel in fast-paced, multi-task environment while upholding resilient communication with individuals and groups at all organizational levels. Key skills include:* Office Administration * Microsoft Applications * Inventory Tracking * Record Maintenance * Schedule Planning