Rachel LawyerPart-Time Sales Associate - Cato FashionsWashington, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rachel-Lawyer/9bdc87c38ab10be3WORK EXPERIENCEPart-Time Sales AssociateCato Fashions - December 2014 to PresentDuties include money handling and safeguarding of assets, online customer inventory tracking, selling merchandise, and keeping the store clean and organized. I have established good customer service, including over the phone etiquette. I was employed with Cato in high school and college from 2010-2013, having managerial experience of 6 months. I left Cato because I was in school and made more money at my other job, waitressing.Personal TrainerAnytime Fitness - Washington, IN - June 2014 to December 2014Washington, INDuties included meeting new clients every day, motivating others to be the best they can be, keeping a well organized schedule, demonstrating workouts for clients, keeping an organized file for every client, writing workouts, performing follow-up phone calls, conference phone calls for nutrition workshops, and keeping the gym tidy on a daily basis.Occasionally we traveled for work attending all day workshops. In this job, I learned to be one to set an example for others, like my clients, as well as how to multitask in an office setting.WaitressBobe's Pizza Express - Washington, IN - October 2012 to April 2014ResponsibilitiesDuties included preparation of dining area and work space before the shift started, cash, check, and credit card handling using point of sale system, and customer service including taking orders and ensuring my tables were extremely satisfied.Skills UsedAt this job, I learned how to multitask in a high stress environment, as well as how to pay attention to detail as there was not any time for mistakes.EDUCATIONAssociate in AccountingVincennes University - Vincennes, IN 2011 to 2014SKILLSCertified Microsoft Office Specialist, 2014 VITA Tax Certification, team player, attention to detail, works well under pressure, extremely focused on customer service.￼