Rahsaan Smith Network Administrator - NexGen ITMontgomery, AL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rahsaan-Smith/1361e04a1b87d052Profile• Bachelor of Science in Business Administration with a concentration in Computer Information Systems• Five years experience and strong interest in computer technology involving designing and testing web pages for colleagues using java format; analyzing the inner workings of most operating systems; implementing and analyzing new software programs onto PCs, mainframes, and servers; analyzing programs using different computer language; and designing as well as maintaining time clock systems.• Proficient in a variety of computer software and it's peripheral equipment including but not limited to Java, Cobol, Oracle, C Programming, SQL, Visual Basic, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Power-Point.• Possess extensive knowledge of course development, instructional design and recourse coordination.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorNexGen IT - June 2012 to PresentCACI-ISS., Transformation Solutions GroupAs the Network Administrator, I directly supported the Air Force Civil Engineer NexGen Information Technology (AF CE NexGen IT) effort. In this role I was able to maintain and coordinate the use of client's complex Local Area or Wide Area Network (LAN/WAN) that link numerous computing platforms, operation systems and network topologies within the DoD DISA Rapid Access Computing Environment (RACE) and the DISA Defense Enterprise Computing Centers (DECC). Enforce security procedures, install network software, network operating systems and manage network performance. Troubleshoot and resolve complex problems. Implement and coordinate network policies, procedures, and standards. Maintain files and control procedures for single systems or homogenous local area networks of server and workstations. Control access to computer resources. Has knowledge of reporting techniques and tools relevant in the assigned environment.• Troubleshoot network performance issues.• Perform a variety of systems engineering tasks and activities that are broad in nature and are concerned with major systems design, integration, and implementation, including personnel, hardware, software, budgetary, and support facilities and/or equipment.• Utilize software and hardware tools and identify and diagnose complex problems and factors affecting network performance.• Proficient with Linux servers, ORACLE RDBMS, application servers and similar infrastructure.• Perform an array of systems task involving OTRS ticketing system to include producing data gathering for reporting.Software TesterNexGen IT - June 2012 to PresentAs this Test Engineer, applied a wide range of knowledge to define and develop test standards for the testing of information technology products in accordance with company and contractual requirements. Reviewed and evaluated complex test specifications, test results, and test trends; and to implement corrective action as needed.• Provides technical expertise on specific products, operating systems and specialized environments.￼• Creates, develops, maintains, and executes manual and automated test standards for the testing of information technology products, equipment or systems to include TRIRIGA.• Configures necessary hardware and operating environments as needed to complete assigned testing.• Collaborates with product management and technical writers to ensure manuals are in synch with the software to ensure that quality is "built in" from the ground up.• Assisted with the analyses to develop testing design options or recommendations and in the preparation of cost estimates and specifications on low level projects.• Experience with IBM's Rational Change Management Solution which includes ClearQuest and ClearCase.System AdministratorNexGen IT - June 2012 to PresentAs a System Administrator, under minimal direction, formulated and define system scope and objectives; and establish procedures to solve complex problems regarding system equipment capacity and limitations, operating time and output. Prepared detailed specifications from which programs will be written.• Formulated and develop detailed specifications, code, documentation and related customer information required to complete program development maintenance activities.• Formulate and define system scope and objectives for assigned projects.• Created and/ or modify complex programs to meet user requirements (This includes testing program and system changes)• Confer with project manager and representatives of departments affected by program to resolve questions of program intent, output requirements, input data acquisition, extent of automatic programming and coding use and modification, and inclusion of internal checks and controls.• Test and correct program errors by altering program steps and sequence.• Identified and designed applications system alternatives to achieve the needs of the customer's environment.COMMUNICATION SYSTEM ADMINISTRATORAFNETOPS - May 2011 to 2012Enterprise Service Desk (ESD)CACI Inc., Maxwell-Gunter, ALAnalyzing system logs and identifying potential issues with computer systems. Introducing and integrating new technologies into existing data center environments. Perform routine audits of systems and software. Perform backups of all Servers and SAN. Applying operating system updates, patches, and configuration changes. Adding, removing, or updating user account information, resetting passwords, etc. using Active Directory console. Installing and configuring new hardware and software to support client needs. Answer technical queries about network environment. Responsible for network security and documenting the configuration of the network environment. Troubleshooting any reported problems for client workstations or network environment using various tools including remote access tools or phone support. Performed System performance tuning either as needed or part of routine maintenance. Ensuring that the network infrastructure is up and running. Used remedy ticket system to document all work.COMPUTER TECHNICIAN.Worked as part of a team to achieve mission goals of Deployment Information Technology Unit for FBI. Installed and configured hardware and software in order to support client. Installed, and maintained computer operating systems and baseline configurations for designated hardware builds. Provided troubleshooting for computer issues and documented procedures. Worked with government client and other contractors.HELPDESK TECH.Installed, configured, and maintained hardware and software in support of AFNet Operations for the Air Force Space Command. Provided desktop support and problem analysis by responding to trouble tickets, resolving problems by phone, remote assistance, and desk-side technical support in resolution of issues reported to the Help Desk. Provided troubleshooting, and resolved all IT trouble calls, including technical, hardware, and software support. Provided hardware configuration, troubleshooting, and resolution and identify hardware diagnostic tools that can reduce downtime by decreasing problem identification and resolution time. Provided technical supported for IT equipment, including PCs, Laptops, printers, Blackberry devices, and other miscellaneous IT equipment. Performed installation, connection and disconnection, upgrades, support and maintenance, and preventive maintenance of computer systems hardware, documentation, and peripheral devices in accordance to the guidelines and regulations of Air Force Space Command. Provided support for Common Access Card (CAC) deployment. Provided troubleshooting, guidance, and training to personnel on the use of the CAC card and its software certificates.EDUCATIONB.S. in Business AdministrationAlabama State University - Montgomery, AL 2000ADDITIONAL INFORMATION• Working knowledge of current Department of Defense (DoD) management theory and practices to tailor and integrate configuration management as a part of specific practices used to perform in-depth analysis of management reports for authority officials. Ability to communicate effectively (written and orally) in order to convey primary requirements and goals used to resolve configuration problems with various levels of technical andNon-technical personnel.• Practical knowledge of database design: Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Access, installation, maintenance, and troubleshooting for computer systems. Practical experience with computerized databases for tracking, ordering, receiving, and reporting of material, supplies and shipments (SAP).• Skill development in keyboarding, business applications of computer software to include Windows 95/98/2000, Word Processing, Excel, Access, Document Preparation, Internal/External Routing Procedures and PowerPoint, Microsoft Office/Windows XP/Vista Pro operating systems knowledge.• Experience and knowledge with RAPIDS 7.3, DEERS, Active Directory, Directory Resource Administration (DRA), and BMC Remedy 7.1 & 7.6.• Maintain and administer computer networks and related computing environments including computer hardware, systems software, applications software, and all configurations.• Configure, monitor, and maintain email applications or virus protection software. Provision of Internet Access and Management of Active Directory Accounts.• Confer with network users about how to solve existing system problems. Back-up and restore of all critical resources including router IOS, Outlook, and System State data.• Modify computer security files to incorporate new software, correct errors, or change individual access status.Networking Skills• Expertise hands in troubleshooting of Computer hardware related problems such like UPS, SMPS, Printer and Drivers.• Managing and Maintaining the Servers, PC's, Routers and Switches.• Configuring, Managing and Maintaining Networking Equipments.• Network processing, centralized and distributive network connection. • Installing, configuring and administering network technologies.• Installed and configured DHCP Client/Server.• Monitoring servers using BMC patrol Express.• Backup Management, Reporting and Recovery. • Disaster Recovery.• Virus Protection and Eradication.• Maintenance of MS Exchange Environment.• Configuring and troubleshooting Microsoft Outlook and Outlook express.• Analysis of Security Alerts and Implementation of Recommendations Third-party middleware and database software.• Implementing and troubleshooting Cluster and SAN.• Security administration port security on switch and IP security on Router via Access list.• Created and deployed desktop images using Symantec Ghost 10.• Responsible for designing and implementation of customer's network infrastructure.