Rahul Sanghvi Marketing ExecutiveRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rahul-Sanghvi/9cea8690d7d4eacaAn accomplished and dedicated Marketing Professional with over 2 years of work experience wanted to seek a challenging role in Marketing / Sales in a progressive organization that utilizes my work experience and skills to meet organizational requirements.WORK EXPERIENCEMBA ConsultantRIT Venture Creations - Rochester, NY - November 2010 to May 2011Purpose: Consult local client businesses to provide assistance on marketing research, business plans & real business problems.The project deliverables included:〓 Gathering & analyzing qualitative & quantitative market research data through secondary & primary research in order to assess the potential for startups in alternate energy and innovative technology solutions.〓 Conduct industry analysis to understand market potential, competitive analysis to understand differentiators and identify market segments for commercialization.〓 Create, manage and conduct interviews with subject matter experts to understand industry needs and requirements.Marketing InternPidilite Industries - Mumbai, Maharashtra - June 2010 to August 2010 Purpose: Marketing, branding and re-launch of FMCG products.Submitted a report to the management which included the following key components: 〓 Situational Analysis〓 Branding Activities〓 Markets and Competitor Analysis〓 Market Share〓 Distribution Strategy 〓 Key Drivers〓 Brand PerceptionSenior Marketing ExecutivePrashant Trading Co. - Mumbai, Maharashtra - June 2008 to July 2009Importers and exporters of float glass, fiber glass, chemicals and polymers.Imports from Indonesia, China & Singapore / Exports to Kenya, Uganda & Kampala.〓 Conducted market research and focus groups to analyze and identify the right target markets. 〓 Formulated pricing strategies and tapped new market opportunities for enhancing revenues. 〓 Facilitated increase in sales of each brand in the Indian market.〓 Communicated with target audiences and effectively managed customer relationships.〓 Credited for entering a new market in Kampala (Africa)￼Marketing ExecutiveMetropolis Health Services Pvt Ltd. - Mumbai, Maharashtra - August 2007 to May 2008 One of the leading healthcare MNCs providing diagnostic and clinical trials services〓 Engaged in co-branding activities on a Pan India level in order to increase clientele〓 Initiated press releases to leading media publications.〓 Developed business strategies and achieved performance targets as per organizational goals. 〓 Resolved customer queries by providing appropriate solutions when required.〓 Focused on both business growth and client retention and enhanced public relations.PFIZER LTD - Mumbai, Maharashtra - April 2007 to May 2007Research and DevelopmetPfizer Ltd. - Mumbai, Maharashtra - April 2007 to May 2007〓 Technical Training〓 Quality Assurance〓 Research and Development 〓 Market CompetenciesResearch and DevelopmentReliable Analytical Laboratories - Mumbai, Maharashtra - October 2006 to November 2006 Mumbai India Oct 2006 - Nov 2006Key Learnings:• Technical Training • Quality AssuranceEDUCATIONMBA in Business AdministrationRochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY January 2009 to January 2011Diploma in Marketing ManagementWellingkars Institute of Management - Mumbai, Maharashtra January 2006 to January 2007Masters in ChemistryRamnarain Ruia College - Mumbai, Maharashtra January 2005 to January 2007Bachelors in ChemistryRamnarain Ruia College - Mumbai, Maharashtra January 2002 to January 2005GROUPSV.P.MJune 2002 to April 2007A student's group which is involved in conducting various events and career fairs for the collegeG.M.ASeptember 2009 to May 2011Provide a platform for graduate students to network with professionals in the local business community, RIT Administration, RIT Faculty, as well as other studentsADDITIONAL INFORMATION I.T SKILLS• MS Office• Adobe Photoshop