Ralph North Senior Finance MangerSaint Charles, IL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ralph-North/95670e8865d30851 Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCESenior Finance MangerComputer Sciences Corporation - Schaumburg, IL - October 2004 to PresentOversee and manage the financial management for the account's three main contracts (Applications, Infrastructure, and Help Desk).* Manage and mentor a team of five people locally and in India to provide support for the regional finance team. * Directly liaison with the account executive and operations team to provide weekly/monthly finance performance (including potential risks/opportunities).* Review actual/budget/forecast variances with regional/global finance and tracking R&O items to ensure local account is on target for the fiscal year.* Provide separate monthly/quarterly presentations to local operations team, corporate, and global account team.* Manage the local account with a regional/global finance matrix environment.* Currently leading a special global finance team to oversee global accounts' security projects to support the Security global account executive.* Served as interim Sr. Finance Manager and managed all three contracts.* Manage and oversee a finance team (US, Canada and India) for the account's IT infrastructure contract.* Reviewed and approved monthly close journal entries to ensure compliance with GAAP.* Generate monthly financial reporting (P&L, Balance Sheet, Cash Flow, and Capital Assets) for corporate and global management and operations team.* Review and update monthly P&L, capital and cash flow forecast with the account management.* Prepare and review annual budget for the account management team.* Developed and manage capital leases liabilities database tool.* Continue to develop and manage process improvements to generate improved efficiencies.* Advanced proficiencies in Access: including database design via relational tables, designing and implementing complex select and union queries, report/form design and build, and modules.Global Finance Billing MangerComputer Sciences Corporation - Schaumburg, IL - 2000 to 2004Manage and oversee an international team producing the monthly $20M-25M global applications invoices to the client; which includes overseeing the efforts of all country billing leads, country finance managers, PMO team, client and billing team across multiple time zones.* Developed and manage global project financial reporting for the account.* Designed and developed monthly KPI reporting and demand reporting for the client's and CSC's PMO teams. * Provided reconciled chargeback data to each of the LSAs and client's PMO group.* Maintained strong client satisfaction with the CSC ASP billing process. Billing disputes accounted for less than 0.01% of the monthly invoiced amount.* Responsible for integrating new LSAs to the ASP MSA process.* Provide regular financial monthly reporting to support the global account.￼* Maintain direct client relationship to facilitate the exchange of invoices and requests for modifications to current reporting.* Ensured all entities across the global account adhered strictly to SOX compliance.Sr. Financial AnalystZurich North America - Schaumburg, IL - March 1990 to September 2000Designed, developed and released a financial data repository to consolidate and automate financial reporting, which decreased report preparation from five business days and two analysts to one-half of a business day and one analyst.* The automated reporting included: fully-loaded expense reports, business partner billing reports, variance analysis explanation reports, and forecast summaries. The reporting automation provided a single, consistent, and simplified reporting mechanism for IT Finance.* Designed and developed a budget application/tool (Microsoft Access) to gather data from financial liaisons in a controlled-environment (Used successfully for the 2003, 2004 and 2005 budget) for both the Zurich North America IT and Farmers Insurance IT departments.* Utilized the financial data repository's to consolidate the budget tool data for reporting and uploading into SAP.* Provided monthly financial presentations to the IT managers in both the ASP and ISP support services. * Designed and developed reports to meet the financial queries of IT management.* Participated in the gathering and presenting of reporting data for the IT ASP Sourcing project for ZNA.EDUCATIONM.B.A. in AccountingDominican University - River Forest, IL 1993 to 1995B.A. in Business AdministrationSaint Mary's University - Winona, MN 1988 to 1992