Ramakrishnan Gudlooru Software Developer - Multivision Inc / ABSHouston, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ramakrishnan-Gudlooru/6f02cf5f1a1383e1● Solid experience in Architecture/Design and development of SOA, Java/ Java EE applications with 15+ years in the industry.● HTML5/jQuery, Xamarin, Android development experience.● Expertise in Oracle Fusion Middleware (SOA, OSB), Core Java, Web Services, Spring, Hibernate, AJAX, JSF, Struts, EJB, JMS (Weblogic JMS) XML, JAXB, JNDI and JDBC.● Integration of various Java EE applications using Web Services (JAX-WS and JAX-RS)● Experience developing JSR-168 (Spring MVC Portlets), JSR-286 portlets on Weblogic/Websphere Portal platforms.● Very good experience using Alfresco and Weblogic CMS as content management systems for Weblogic portal.● Designed and developed a Single sign on (SSO) solution based on Weblogic security framework.● Implemented Kerberos authentication to achieve SSO between Windows desktops and Java EE applications.● Expertise in Object Oriented Design (OOD), Design Patterns, J2EE Design Patterns and multi-tier architectures.● Experience using Rational Unified process (RUP), Waterfall model and Scrum as software life cycle methodologies.● Hands on experience in creating automated build scripts using Jenkins, Maven and ANT and good working knowledge on configuration management tools like CVS, PVCS and Subversion.● Demonstrated ability to handle multiple tasks and to work in a fast-paced environment.Successfully delivered on multiple tasks under pressure.● Solid Management skills, demonstrated proficiency in leading and mentoring individuals to maximize productivity and forming cohesive team environment● Excellent Technical, Communication and Interpersonal Skills with strong Customer Orientation and Client Interfacing SkillsWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperABS - Houston, TX - May 2012 to PresentVessel Performance PortalCustomer portal to provide various benchmarks, charts and reports on fleet performance.Responsibilities• High level and low level system design.• Single sign-on, integration design.• Evaluate various HTML5/Java script charting solutions.• Develop and document the solution.• Gather and expand requirements from the customer.Tools: HTML5, Bootstrap, jQuery, HighCharts, Java, JAX-RS web services, Weblogic 12c, Subversion, Maven.Oracle SOA reference Implementation￼The purpose of this initiative is to adopt Oracle ESB/SOA platform as the central integration platform for the enterprise. This will lead to a reference architecture and recommendation of integration patterns.Responsibilities● Responsible for defining the ref architecture with an external consultant.● Design and implement a reference use case with a cloud system.● Design and implement a use case with Oracle EBiz suite adapter.● Define the Naming standards and produce various guidebooks for service definition and orchestration design.Technologies: JAVA 1.7, JEE (J2EE), JAX-RS, JAX-WS, ORACLE SOA Suite 12c, Maven, SOAP-UI, Subversion, WINDOWS and LINUX.Contract Life Cycle Management IntegrationEnable two way integration between various legacy and cloud based solutions using standards based web services and Windows Azure service bus.Responsibilities● Responsible for designing and developing JAX-RS based web services.● Develop the mediation layer to publish to / consume from the Azure service bus topics. ● Design and Develop K2 workflows to monitor dead letter queues and email support.● Test web services with SOAP UI.● Prepare build scripts using ANT and Maven for continuous build and integration.● Version control of the code base using Subversion (SVN).Technologies JAVA 1.6, JEE (J2EE), JAX-RS WEB SERVICES, Windows Azure API, K2 Blackpearl Work Flow, JROCKIT Mission Control, ORACLE, ANT, Subversion, WINDOWS and LINUX.My Eagle Employee PortalResponsibilities● Follow Rational Unified Process for the complete life cycle of the project.● Low Level System and Component Design (Sequence diagram, Class diagram) using UML/Rational Rose. ● Interact with business users to obtain requirements.● Develop JSR-168 compliant Portlets using Spring MVC framework.● Implement JAX-WS web services using Apache AXIS2 framework.● Implement Single Sign on across weblogic applications using Windows native authentication.● Prepare unit tests using JUnit framework.● Resolve performance bottlenecks using profiling tools like JRockit Mission Control.● Prepare build scripts using ANT and Maven for continuous build and integration.● Version control of the code base using Subversion (SVN).Technologies JAVA 1.6, JEE (J2EE), JPA, JSF, JAX-WS WEB SERVICES, JSR168 PORTLETS using SPRING MVC, Apache AXIS2, SPRING, HIBERNATE, WEBLOGIC PORTAL, Alfresco WCM, JROCKIT Mission Control, ORACLE, ANT, Maven, Subversion, WINDOWS and LINUX.Survey Status Mobile ServicesExpose the survey status application as a set of web services to be consumed by mobile devices.Responsibilities● Follow Rational Unified Process for the complete life cycle of the project.● Low Level System and Component Design (Sequence diagram, Class diagram) using UML/Rational Rose. ● Interact with business users to obtain requirements.● Implement JAX-WS web services using Apache AXIS2 framework to produce XML and JSON (badger fish) data set.● Test web services with SOAP UI.● Resolve performance bottlenecks using profiling tools like JRockit Mission Control.● Prepare build scripts using ANT and Maven for continuous build and integration.● Version control of the code base using Subversion (SVN).Technologies JAVA 1.6, JEE (J2EE), JAX-WS WEB SERVICES, Apache AXIS2, JROCKIT Mission Control, ORACLE, ANT, Maven, Subversion, WINDOWS and LINUX.PROJECT MANAGER / SENIOR PMRBS INDIA DEVELOPMENT CENTRE (P) LTD - Chennai, Tamil Nadu - December 2010 to April 2012Multichannel Sales SystemMCS is a sales platform being built on SOA architecture. MCS aims to add multiple channels including online, branch and Mobile. This is built on IBM SOA stack.Responsibilities● Followed Rational Unified Process for the complete life cycle of the project.● Interact with analysis & design team to understand the requirements.● Design applications based on reference architecture.● Create process, service and component design documents to aid in development.● Develop JAX-WS services and JSR-286 compliant portlets using Java Server Faces (JSF). ● Review the developed components to comply with reference architecture.● Version control of code base using Subversion.Technologies JAVA 1.6, JEE (J2EE), JSF, JAX-WS WEB SERVICES, JSR286 PORTLETS using JSF, Websphere PORTAL, Websphere ESB, Websphere Process Server, DB2, Wily Introscope, IBM RSA, Subversion, WINDOWS, LINUX.SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEERABS - Houston, TX - October 2007 to November 2010My Eagle Employee Portal (Intranet for Employees)My Eagle will replace the existing intranet site (Compass). In addition to providing employees with existing information it will also provide dashboards with user specific information based on department the employee belongs to. All the data displayed on the dashboards is retrieved using web services from legacy J2EE applications. Customization of user desktop (user preferences) is also allowed which is being implemented using Dynamic Visitor Tools (DVT).Responsibilities● Followed Rational Unified Process for the complete life cycle of the project.● Low Level System and Component Design (Sequence diagram, Class diagram) using UML/Rational Rose. ● Interact with business users to obtain requirements.● Develop JSR-168 compliant Portlets using Spring MVC framework.Technologies JAVA 1.6, JEE (J2EE), JAX-WS WEB SERVICES, Apache AXIS2, ANT, Subversion, WINDOWS and LINUX.ABS Eagle (www.eagle.org)ABS Eagle was a revamp of the existing web site and other customer facing J2EE applications. This included design of various portlets to present important information in the form of dashboard to the customers from various applications.Responsibilities● Followed Rational Unified Process for the complete life cycle of the project.● Low Level System and Component Design (Sequence diagram, Class diagram) using UML/Rational Rose. ● Interact with business users to obtain requirements.● Develop JSR-168 compliant Portlets using JSF.● Implement JAX-WS web services using Apache AXIS2 framework.● Resolve performance bottlenecks using profiling tools like JRockit Mission Control.● Prepare build scripts using ANT and Maven for continuous build and integration.● Version control of the code base using Subversion (SVN).Technologies JAVA 1.6, JEE (J2EE), JPA, JSF, JAX-WS WEB SERVICES, JSR168 PORTLETS, Apache AXIS2, SPRING, HIBERNATE, WEBLOGIC PORTAL, JROCKIT Mission Control, ORACLE, ANT, Maven, Subversion, WINDOWS and LINUX.Eagle Single Sign-onAs part of Integrating various customer facing applications into one uniformly branded portal, we needed a single sign on framework to authenticate and authorize users. This application helps in doing away with multiple logins to multiple applications and enables users to sign into ABS Eagle portal and be able access all the applications they are entitled to.Technologies: Weblogic Security Framework 10.3, JAVA 1.6SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEERABS - Houston, TX - September 2006 to September 2007 Office 2000 for EngineersO2E application is designed to automate the review and certification of ship drawings. It also has a customer interface which enables ABS clients to submit drawings for classification and review online.Responsibilities:● Followed Rational Unified Process for the complete life cycle of the product.● Low Level System and Component Design (Sequence diagram, Class diagram) using UML/Rational Rose. ● Implemented Presentation Layer Framework (MVC, Struts).● Developed Enterprise Java Bean components (Stateful and Stateless) for handling the Business Logic functionality● Implemented persistence of data using Oracle Toplink.● Implemented the following J2EE Patterns: Front Controller, Session Façade● Involved in Usecase Reviews, Design Reviews and Code Reviews● Implemented unit testing using JUnit framework.Technologies JAVA 1.5, J2EE, Oracle Toplink, JSP, JAX-RPC WEB SERVICES, STRUTS, EJB, JMS, WEBLOGIC Server, JROCKIT Mission Control, Subversion, ORACLE, WINDOWS and LINUX.Office 2000 for SurveyorsRole: Senior Developer / Tech LeadO2K application is a work flow application designed to capture and track a surveyors activities on the ship and off the ship. This application maintains a ships entire machinery details.Responsibilities:● Followed Rational Unified Process for the complete life cycle of the product.● Low Level System and Component Design (Sequence diagram, Class diagram) using UML/Rational Rose. ● Implemented Presentation Layer Framework using MVC architecture.● Developed Enterprise Java Bean components (Stateful and Stateless) for handling the Business Logic functionality● Implemented persistence of data using Entity beans and JDBC.● Implemented the following J2EE Patterns: Front Controller, Session Façade● Involved in Usecase Reviews, Design Reviews and Code Reviews● Implemented unit testing using JUnit framework.Technologies JAVA 1.4, EJB 2.0, JSP, Rational Rose 2000, Ant, JUnit, Oracle App Server, Oracle 8i/9i, Oracle Toplink, PVCS.Senior EngineerCollabNet - November 2004 to September 2006Project TrackerProject Tracker is a highly flexible defect, requirement and enhancement management system and a flexible tracking system for record-oriented software development of artifacts. As opposed to other defect management systems, this product lets the customers define what they want to manage, meaning the template is not a fixed one.Responsibilities:● Lead the initiative of re-factoring the application to be compliant with latest J2EE standards (Three tier architecture).● Instrumental in coming up with services based API so that external clients like mercury Test Director can talk to Project Tracker using a custom connector.● Followed Rational Unified Process for the complete life cycle of the product.● Interacted with the product management team for requirement gathering, scoping and was responsible for the Analysis, Design and Development of various features on the meta data administration of the product.● Low Level System Design (Sequence diagram and Class diagram) using UML/Magic draw● Developed Interactive GUI Screens using velocity macros● Implemented Presentation Layer Framework (MVC, Turbine).● Implemented the following J2EE Patterns: Front Controller, Session Façade, Data Access Object, Business Delegate and View Helper.● Involved in Use case Reviews, Design Reviews and Code Reviews.Technologies: JAVA 1.4, J2EE, Apache Torque, Velocity templates, JUnit, JBoss Application Server, My SQL DB, WINDOWS, LINUX.Analytic Software LeadFair Isaac - Bangalore, Karnataka - March 2004 to October 2004This initiative was aimed at moving away from costly SAS platform to the custom, in house built Model builder (Java) platform.Responsibilities:● Lead the initiative of migrating the SAS based models to the Java platform (Model builder).● Analyzed project requirements and suggested/demonstrated technical solutions to certain project requirements● Low Level System Design (Sequence diagram and Class diagram) using UML● Updating of use cases prepared by product management initially● Involved in Resource identification and work allocation● Involved in Use case Reviews, Design Reviews and Code Reviews.Technologies: JDK 1.4.2, XMLMember, Technical staffOracle, Banglore, India - May 2003 to February 2004Oracle Universal Installer is a Java based installer used to install all the Oracle products. Responsibilities:● Design and development of Database Configuration Assistant (DBCA ) install process ● Design and development of Enterprise manger installation process● Install development of Oracle Cluster ready services ● Oracle database cloning install processTechnologies: JAVA 1.4, XML, Oracle EWT, Oracle OUI and Solaris.Polairis Software Labs, ChennaiSenior developerAllianz - November 2002 to April 2003Global Program System (GPS) is an intranet system developed to integrate the existing Allianz global policies and Allianz global claims systems, which are running on Lotus Notes as Desktop applications. Responsibilities:● Followed Rational Unified Process for the complete life cycle of the product.● Interacted with the business analysts to understand requirements and was responsible for the Analysis, Design and Development of coverage module.● Involved in Low Level System and Component Design (Sequence diagram, Class diagram) using UML/ Rational Rose● Involved in Resource identification and work allocation● Developed Interactive GUI Screens using JSPs● Implemented Presentation Layer Framework (MVC, Struts).● Implemented the following J2EE Patterns: Front Controller and Session FaçadeTechnologies: JAVA 1.3, EJB 1.1, Struts 1.0, JSP, Rational Rose 2000, Ant, JUnit, WSAD, Websphere 4.0, Oracle 8i/9i and Visual Source safe.Senior developerTruelink Inc - September 2000 to October 2002KnowYourLoanRate.com, offers customers the ability to learn what loan interest rates they are eligible for when purchasing or refinancing a home. Unlike existing online calculators that require customers to guess important information affecting their loan rate, this product will determine valuable rate factors such as credit score, debt-to-income ratio, and loan-to-value ratio.Responsibilities:● Followed Rational Unified Process for the complete life cycle of the product.● Low Level System and Component Design (Sequence diagram, Class diagram) using UML/Rational Rose. ● Implemented Presentation Layer Framework (MVC, Struts).● Developed Enterprise Java Bean components (Container Managed Persistence) for accessing database ● Developed Enterprise Java Bean components (Stateful and Stateless) for handling the Business Logic functionality● Implemented the following J2EE Patterns: Front Controller, Session FaçadeSenior developerTruelink Inc - 2000 to 2000Technologies JAVA 1.4, EJB 2.0, Struts 1.1, JSP, Rational Rose 2000, Ant, JUnit, JMS, JBoss, Oracle 8i/9i, CVS.Loan Assure (Contract Finance Online)Client: Truelink IncRole: Senior developerThis software is a web-based solution for Mortgage Trading, Deal Management, and Due Diligence processes. The application communicates with the third party servers for Due diligence, Customer's credit score and credit history. The communication is done using JMS.Responsibilities:● Followed Rational Unified Process for the complete life cycle of the product.● Implemented Presentation Layer Framework (MVC, Struts).● Developed Enterprise Java Bean components (Container Managed Persistence ) for accessing database ● Developed Enterprise Java Bean components (Stateful and Stateless) for handling the Business Logic functionality● Implemented the following J2EE Patterns: Front Controller, Session FaçadeTechnologies JAVA 1.3, EJB 2.0, Struts 1.1, JSP, Rational Rose 2000, Ant, JUnit, JMS, JBoss, Oracle 8i/9i, CVS.AVM B2B InterfaceClient: Truelink IncRole: Senior developer,This interface was developed to enable the KnowyourLoanRate.com to talk to the third party real estate valuation tools such as First American value web service.Responsibilities:● Followed Rational Unified Process for the complete life cycle of the product.● Implemented Presentation Layer Framework (MVC, Struts)● Developed Enterprise Java Bean components (Stateless session) for handling the Business Logic functionality● Developed Message driven bean to receive the response from external clients● Implemented the following J2EE Patterns: Front Controller, Session Façade● Interacted with the client to understand the requirements and expectations.DeveloperTrueCredit Report Generation Services - 2000 to 2000Role: DeveloperClient: Truelink IncThe purpose of the application is to generate Credit reports in PDF, PS and HTML format. This application reads data from Java serialized files and generates the XML data from it. Using this xml and pre-defined XSL templates the application generates PDF and PostScript (using FOP) and HTML using (XALAN) APIs. To improve performance multi threading was implementedResponsibilities:● Followed Rational Unified Process for the complete life cycle of the product.● Involved in Low Level System and Component Design (Class diagram) using UML/Rational Rose● Involved in researching and identifying the technologies to be used● Implemented multi-threading to improve the time taken to generate a report● Involved in Design Reviews and Code Reviews.● Interacted with the client to understand the requirements and expectations.● Implemented unit testing using JUnit framework.Technologies JAVA 1.3, XML, XSL and FOP (PDF generator)Desert Rose - Share Holders Services SystemRole: DeveloperClient: Franklin Templeton India.The application was developed to handle the mutual fund transactions of an Asset Management Company (AMC). The important modules are Purchase, Redemption, Switch, Customer and Distributor services. Responsibilities:● Followed water fall model for the complete life cycle of the product.● Developed Interactive GUI Screens using JSPs● Developed controller servlets for each JSP page (Model 1)● Responsible for distributor incentive batch process. Suggested and implemented ways to improve the performance of the intra-day batch process.● Implemented Presentation Layer Framework (MVC, Struts).● Implemented unit testing using JUnit framework and Http Unit for web flow testing.DeveloperE-Interface for Payment Gateway - 2000 to 2000server of CitibankRole: DeveloperThe purpose of the project is to build a Payment Interface between the Merchant / Service Provider e- commerce portal and Citibank payment gateway that provides complete transaction processing and routing to meet the needs of a full fledged e-commerce network.Responsibilities:● Involved in invoking the checksum DLL (dynamically linked libraries) to validate the checksum at the merchant site using JNI.● Implemented merchant - payment gateway communication over SSL (HTTPS).● Implemented the solution for a client called Navia markets.Technologies JAVA 1.2, Java servlets.EDUCATIONBachelor of Engineering in Computer Science and EngineeringUniversity of Madras 1995 to 1999SKILLSOracle SOA Suite, Java, Spring, JPA, EJB, Hibernate, jQuery, AngularJS, HTML5, Android, XamarinADDITIONAL INFORMATION Technical SkillsLanguages: Java, Java EE, JSF, JAX-RS, JAX-WS, JSR-168/286, JPA, EJB Frameworks: Spring, Spring MVC, Hibernate, Toplink, ICEFaces, MyFaces, Struts Servers: Weblogic Portal, Oracle App Server, Jboss, Websphere ESB. Databases: Oracle, MySQLIDE: Eclipse, WID, Rational Software Architect, Weblogic Workshop. SCM: ANT, MAVEN, Jenkins, SVN, PVCSOther tools: Alfresco WCM, MS-VISIO, JRockit Mission ControlOperating Systems: Windows and Linux