Raymond AnchetaComputer Science Class Grader - San Jose State University Computer Science DepartmentSanta Clara, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Raymond-Ancheta/42a34ccbe22f427dFormer mathematics tutor and SJSU Computer Science grader. Prefer to pursue positions related to software engineering, data entry, or other desk work.WORK EXPERIENCEComputer Science Class GraderSan Jose State University Computer Science Department - San Jose, CA - April 2012 to PresentGraded homework assignments for over 100 students taking an introductory computer science class.• Provided helpful feedback and advice for students with the intent of helping them learn from mistakes.• Learned how to read the code of beginner programmers, especially as some students have code that is difficult to understand.ProjectsGuest Service RepresentativeStanford Shopping Center / Simon Malls - Palo Alto, CA - December 2014 to February 2015ResponsibilitiesServe as a middleperson between stores associated with the shopping center's stores and drivers associated with Deliv, a same-day delivery service. Assist fellow GSRs with tasks such as packaging gift cards for customers and providing prizes and birthday rewards to children who are part of Simon Malls' Kidgits child activities program.AccomplishmentsClarified the Deliv service to store employees unfamiliar with the service. Pointed out issues with incomplete applications from prospective Kidgits members.Skills UsedInterpersonal communication skills, especially explaining concepts to individuals not familiar with them.TutorSelf-Employed - San Jose, CA - July 2011 to July 2011ResponsibilitiesTutored high school students with Algebra 1 and Geometry concepts.AccomplishmentsAssisted students with solutions and then taught them to solve similar problems on their own.Skills UsedCollege-level algebra and geometry.Personal project: Tetris CloneN/A - February 2010 to February 2010￼February 2010• Simulates the "40 Lines" mode seen in many versions of Tetris.• Written mainly in C#. Converted an existing Java source file into C# to complete this project.• Learned fundamental game development principles, as well as manipulation of random number generators.Personal Project: Project EulerN/A - May 2010Website with programming-based mathematical problems.• Solved 14 problems so far, using functions implemented in Python and Java. Some examples of completed problems:• Problem 53: "How many values of C(n, r), for 1 ≤ n ≤ 100, exceed one-million?"• Problem 89: "Develop a method to express Roman numerals in minimal form."EDUCATIONBS in Computer ScienceSan José State University - San Jose, CA May 2014SKILLSForeign Languages (Filipino, Japanese), Java, C/C++, Python