Renee Valentine, MBA EntrepreneurChesapeake, VA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/d18071ba48611e94Expert in: Healthcare Management ~ Facilities ManagementVersatile, high-energy Healthcare professional with more than 15 years experience leading companies in management, administration, and client satisfaction. Established ability to exercise discretion in sensitive and confidential matters while remaining poised in demanding situations. Hands-on leader with established ability to lead projects and initiatives that drive performance. Superior interpersonal, communication, training, and client relationship skills with keen abilities to resolve multiple and complex issues in an effective and timely manner. Exhibits exceptional leadership working with medically-challenged individuals to overcome obstacles resulting in improved quality of life.Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEIn Home Healthcare ProviderINDEPENDENT HEALTHCARE CONTRACTOR - Chesapeake, VA - 2004 to Present In-Home Healthcare ProviderOperates as Independent Contractor to provide routine, personal healthcare for elderly couple within the home. Managed staff and payroll for 24-hour care and arranged transportation for doctor appointments. Supplied patients with superior supervision, care, treatment, and nurturing while effectively managing their lives and medical needs.Key Achievements* Prepared written assessments of progress regarding mental acuity and physical abilities for doctors and therapists to ensure up-to-date and comprehensive treatment plans; communicated updates to family members.* Ensured 100% accuracy of administered dosage and disbursement of all oral medications prescribed by physicians.* Fully accountable for organizing daily activities designed to encourage mental clarity and moderate exercise. * Key participant in therapies to assist patients in becoming more independent and able to perform activities of daily living and home safety.* Created monthly menus and assisted in preparation of nutritional meals to ensure special dietary needs were met.Adjunct InstructorTIDEWATER COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Norfolk, VA - January 2006 to May 2006Norfolk, VA 2006 - PresentA community college located in the South Hampton Roads region of Virginia, United States. Adjunct InstructorInstructs students on the subject of 'College Success Skills', assisting with the successful, and sometimes challenging, transition from high school to college. Responsible for preparing lectures, group sessions, presentations, and workshops. Develops educational curriculum and creates syllabus and course materials.￼Key Achievements* Singlehandedly created a visualization exercise that opened communication and changed the dynamics of challenging students, ultimately earning their respect.* Introduced students to college computer labs, toured campus, and provided preparatory materials to assist with admissions, financial aid, and information regarding curriculum.* Assisted students with scheduling placement tests and practicing how to schedule classes while providing insight into campus social activities.* Gained certification as 'Substance Abuse Counselor'.Complex ManagerPINES TREATMENT CENTER - Portsmouth, VA - 2000 to 2004Managed day-to-day activities for a mental health facility consisting of 65 residential staff and 200 youth sex offender residents. Oversaw policy and procedure implementation, adherence, presentations, discussions, and demonstrations. Provided administrative functions as well as training, coaching, and mentoring. Worked closely with HR regarding payroll, disciplinary actions, employee evaluations, leave, and any other issues as needed. Performed monthly environmental inspections of the facility and generated reports for the governing body, focusing on goals, objectives, and accomplishments.Key Achievements* Strictly monitored patient performance in an effort to ensure proper documentation by staff, therapist, and nurses.* Provided knowledgeable training to new and existing employees, with an average group size of 30 employees per session, teaching procedures and stressing policies utilizing lecture, textbooks, PowerPoint presentations, role-playing, class discussions, and hands-on demonstrations.* Facilitated cost savings by monitoring daily conditions of the facility and providing detailed reports of needed repairs and maintenance.* Prepared and conducted employee work performance appraisals, recommending solutions for improvements and providing encouragement designed to boost morale and productivity.* Conducted detailed audits of patient charts to deliver assurance of VA Medicaid compliance.* Restructured tracking system used for monitoring VA Medicaid guidelines to provide enhanced performance, effectiveness, and productivity.EDUCATIONBS in Law Enforcement/CorrectionsTruman State University - Kirksville, MO 2006MBA in Healthcare ManagementAmerican Intercontinental University - Hoffman Estates, ILADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCORE COMPETENCIESMedical Administration ~ Facilities Management ~ Training & Mentoring ~ Project Management ~ Technology Policy & Procedure Implementation ~ Financial Management ~ Instructional Methodology ~ Time Management Staff Development & Leadership ~ Productivity & Performance Improvement ~ Organization & Communication