Richard DiamondPalmyra, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Richard-Diamond/593e6ed54d6bbe5fWORK EXPERIENCETruck DriverEmpire Merchants North - Lyons, NY - June 2013 to PresentResponsibilities- Perform daily pre-trip and safety inspections on equipment prior to commencing route.- Partner with routers to acquire delivery schedule and communicate delays, arrivals, and/or equipment problems as encountered.- Drive established route to deliver wine and spirits beverage products to assigned customers.- Assemble customer orders and place on hand truck to complete delivery cycle. Place product in storage and or account specific designated areas.- Record route activity and produce accurate and thorough delivery records and roadnet.- Comply with company safety standards, Department of Transportation regulations, Alcoholic Beverage Control regulations, and warehouse delivery policies/procedures.- Keep interior of truck organized, clean and smoke free.- Work flexible hours which include early morning (5:00 a.m. start times), evenings, and/or weekends.RooferLiberty construction Specialties - Walworth, NY - January 2006 to PresentResponsibilitiesRoofing start to finish I was responsible for working with customers giving job estimates as well as roof tear offs, new insulation - shingle roofs, rubber roofs, metal roofsSkills UsedGreat customer service , Great craftsmanship, quality workPrinting Press OperatorBerry Plastics - Macedon, NY - September 2010 to March 2013ResponsibilitiesSetup and operated 10 color printing presses (Windmoler and Hollscher and PCMC presses)trouble shoot any press issue as well as tone ink to customer specifications and run presses to fastest speeds possible well exceeding customer expectations for quality. Responsible for quality checks to job docket and product print. Recording production and waste and keeping equipment and work area clean.Skills UsedProblem solving/TroubleshootingMachine OperatorGarlock - Palmyra, NY - April 2008 to March 2010ResponsibilitiesDuties setup and run equipment to make seals and gaskets, Mix dry powder chemicals and solvents to make batches of product to run through a calendar that presses the batch into a Gasket sheet, Operate tow motors when needed to unload or load trucks and I also ran rubber seal presses. Reason for leaving was because there were a lot of layoffs going on based on seniority because of it being union and I was laid off￼EDUCATIONGEDweedsport - Weedsport, NYADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCompleted Osha 10 hour course on ladder and harness safetyCompleted commercial truck driving school.2 years over the road driving experience as well as experience driving off road haul truck and operating earth scrapper(pan)