Richard PriceNetwork Administrator - The Colletta CompanyMontgomery, AL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Richard-Price/0e57c25ed140e8b6Progressive and accomplished IT professional with experience in process improvement, customer service and support. Entrepreneurial achiever with excellent skills in oral and written communications. Strong troubleshooting skills, ability to organize and maintain prescribed inventory levels to monitor after hours network health, strong customer service skills, and ability to work independently or in a team setting. CompTIA A+ Certified.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorThe Colletta Company - Montgomery, AL - 2013 to PresentResponsible for administration, management and maintenance of computer network systems and data circuits, point of contact for PC related functions for small business clients. Responsibilities include upgrades, installation and troubleshooting of PC's, peripherals, networks, networking hardware devices and software, maintain equipment inventory and documentation of vendor activities, develop and document system standards for computer and network devices. Work with client vendors as needed, and manage help desk staff.Network AdministratorMontgomery Housing Authority - Montgomery, AL - 2011 to 2013Responsibilities include configuration and setup of firewalls, vpn concentrators security appliances to access to vital business applications. Design, setup configure switching environments, wireless networking, LAN networking. Design of multi-server environments, multi-site network operations, as well as software applications, operating systems and regular maintenance. Managed assigned projects to deliver services in accordance with established budgets and objectives. Responded to inquiries from staff and service providers, site personnel as well as outside vendors to provide technical assistance support. Troubleshooting malfunctions of network hardware as well as software applications, telephones, plus security systems to resolve operational issues and restore services as needed in a 24/7 operation. Responsible for data network disaster recovery planning and implementation.Technician/AnalystProgressive Technology - Mobile, AL - 2008 to 2011Responsible for providing effective and consistent technical support of desktop, laptops, servers and network peripherals for customers throughout the Mobile, Alabama area. Hardware and Software installations, upgrades and troubleshooting same while maintaining a high level of customer rapport, confidence and satisfaction.Help Desk Support TechnicianAutry Greer & Sons - Mobile, AL - 2005 to 2008Responsible for daily application support to users, installation and configuration of software and hardware for all desktop and laptop computers. Documented procedures, trained users and interfaced with vendors. Troubleshoot PC hardware and network issues. Developed a Visual Basic Program with which stores could advertise current sales and company information in all local locations. Also responsible for item database support for retail store locations and operations of the AS/400.￼2225 Halcyon Blvd. ♦ Montgomery, Alabama 36117♦ Phone: (251) 689-5225 or (334) 396-2132 Email: Remy916509@aol.comComputer Technician for IBMPrice Computer Services - Mobile, AL - 2002 to 2005Installed systems and verify system functionality. Upgraded operating systems from Windows 95 to Windows 2000 and made necessary hardware upgrades.Technician and InstructorPrice Computer Services - Mobile, AL - 1998 to 2005While still in high school, developed a small business to repair computers as a part-time income.Database Analyst for Eaton Aerospace (Temporary)Price Computer Services - Jackson, MS - 2002 to 20022002Responsible for change and verification of database entries, and other record data.EDUCATIONBachelors in Operations ManagementSoutheast College of Technology