Richard WingateBusiness Services Manager / Sales / Writer - MBA ServicesSeymour, TN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Richard-Wingate/af37f9baeba9e5bd➢ Strong team building and project management skills.➢ Excellent communicator with solid interpersonal skills.➢ Detail oriented with effective planning and organizing skills.➢ Experienced in multi-disciplines with strong problem-solving capabilities.➢ Proficient with various computer applications, operating systems, & Internet.WORK EXPERIENCEBusiness Services Manager / Sales / WriterMBA Services - Seymour, TN - 2011 to PresentIndependent agent with clients in management, marketing, timeshare sales/customer service (Westgate Resorts), retail sales (Polo Ralph Lauren) and info technology projects. Also published nonfiction writer.Court AdministratorCity of Knoxville, Municipal Court - Knoxville, TN - 2001 to 2011Responsibilitiesserving population of 687,249 SMSA (2000 Census), processing 130,000+ citations/year with an average daily Court Docket of 420, with emphasis on Traffic Citations and Parking Tickets. Oversee staff of 12.Liaise between Court Office and Police Departments, ensuring accuracy of records. Issue subpoenas and warrants signed by City Judge. Responsible for timely reporting of court action reports to State Agencies resulting in 'points' on motorist's driving record (MVR) and suspending of driver licenses.* Received highly positive write-up for successful efforts in restoring City Court order and creating efficiency after disastrous 2001 audit and resignation of previous Administrator. (1/2003 Knoxville News-Sentinel; article: "Snarls at City Court are being unraveled".)* Achieved 97% increase in annual court revenue, from $4.3 million to $8.5 million.* Transformed court into a customer-focused environment. (90% responded favorably regarding court customer service in an independent survey.)* Slashed operating costs 16% and increased in operational efficiency 170% based on benchmarks.* Introduced S.W.O.T. reports (Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities & Threats) to maximize court resources. * Performed needs analysis, developed and implemented methods, policies, and procedures in support of operations.* Successfully passed every audit without negative marks since hired - audits problematic under predecessorInstructorUniversity of Tennessee Development Center / Knoxville Business College - Knoxville, TN - 2000 to 2001Instructor at University of Tennessee Development Center with emphasis on personal computer application skills - beginner through advanced levels - groups of 10-12 students (mostly University employees). Knoxville Business College classes focused on IT networks and Internet topics; addressed 20 students at a time.Business Services Manager / Managing PartnerMBA Services / Deck the Walls (West Town Mall, Knoxville) - Seymour, TN - 1987 to 2000￼Managed 30 accounts with short-term contracts, serving as professional, first line company representative. Counseled clients on management, marketing, info technology, operations, financial and human resources. Owner/operator of franchise custom framing retail business. Handled P&L, payroll, bookkeeping, merchandising, marketing, purchasing, and inventory control. Recruited, hired, and supervised retail staff of 4. * Reversed client's negative profit trend with 4.5% turn-around increase to the bottom-line.* Designed manuals, brochures, displays and POP materials for direct sales, direct mail and telemarketing.* Installed computer systems to specification; provided PC support and training.* Salvaged sales force for client experiencing 75% annual turn-over. Produced highly effective recruiting efforts, Just-In-Time training systems, and responsive compensation programs.* Researched, authored, and presented training courses on topics including interviewing, management, sales, customer service, change management, workplace diversity, ADA, and conflict resolution.* Authored plans increasing customer value, promoting higher employee retention and productivity.* Proficient broker funding lease acquisitions of capital equipment from small ticket and middle market; from new business development to credit and portfolio management.* 1997 recipient of Franchise Operations Proficiency Award and Special Recognition for Design Innovation.* Consistently earned superior ratings from clients and franchise for technical expertise and quality service.Director of Field OperationsWhittle Communications - Knoxville, TN - 1976 to 1986Field Operations was a diverse national sales/service department significant to the success of Whittle as a marketing, publishing company. Department expanded from 9 to 200+. Properties included Esquire Magazine. * Pioneered marketing and logistic efforts for 10 successful multi-million dollar distribution projects for government and Fortune 500s, including Johnson & Johnson, Proctor & Gamble, U.S. Army, and Nissan.* Managed $7.5 million budget; provided accurate forecasts for new projects.* Accomplished public speaker in variety of PR activities. Charter member 13-30 Foundation. * Generated market research to stay apprised of changing customer values and needs.* Established sales & service records; trouble-shooter for problem national accounts.EDUCATIONMaster of Business Administration in ManagementUniversity of Tennessee - Knoxville, TN 1994Bachelor of Business Administration in Business Administration / Business AdministrationGeorgia State University - Atlanta, GAADDITIONAL INFORMATIONComputer proficiency: MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook, & FrontPage; QuickBooks; Crystal Reports; Novell Groupwise; Macromedia Dreamweaver; Photoshop; Networks; POS, CAD, SAP, and SQL. Series 7 & 66: Licensed securities, life & health registered representative administered by FINRA. (inactive) TN Time Share Salesperson License [...] Expiration Date: [...]