Richard Mcconkie MBA Associate - SineWave VenturesSilver Spring, MD - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Richard-Mcconkie/262e43a9d9ac5b45 Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEMBA AssociateSineWave Ventures - Washington, DC - May 2014 to PresentWashington, DCSineWave Ventures is a venture capital firm focused on the intersection of the public and private sectors MBA Associate May 2014 - Present• Worked directly with SineWave Venture's founder to refine the vision and investment thesis of the fund.• Consulted founder on branding and marketing; oversaw website and logo design processes.• Evaluated hundreds of high-growth startups by sector, business model, management team and growth profile and performed comprehensive diligence for over 40 companies, conducting interviews with management teams and analyzing performance.• Built and maintained relationships in the venture capital and startup industries.Consulting Team LeadMarriott International - Washington, DC - December 2013 to May 2014Washington, DC & Shanghai, ChinaMy team of 5 MBA students performed a 6-month consulting project for Marriott's 20+ Shanghai properties Consulting Team Lead Dec 2013 - May 2014• Performed analysis on the meetings, conferences and events business in Asian hotels, including interviews and visits with local and international event planners and competing hotels.• Performed comprehensive review of Marriott's event marketing and operational processes.• Composed report based on research findings, including industry best practices, opportunities and improvement areas for the client.• Presented findings and recommendations to general managers of all Marriott properties in Shanghai.Innovation and Communications ConsultantU.S. Department of State - Washington, DC - January 2013 to June 2013Washington, DCBureau of International Information Programs - Office of Innovative EngagementInnovation and Communications Consultant Jan 2013 - June 2013• Developed and oversaw communications campaigns for over 200 Department of State web properties reaching over ten million fans and followers.• Developed strategy for the Department to gain recognition within the international diplomatic community as a leader in digital engagement and social media.• Researched and evaluated potential software purchases. My recommendations were reviewed by the head of the bureau.• Trained US Diplomats in best practices for engaging audiences through social media.Marketing and Membership ManagerWorld Trade Center Utah - Salt Lake City, UT - June 2011 to January 2013￼Salt Lake City, UTWTC Utah is a trade advocacy group and member of the WTC Association, headquartered in NYC Marketing and Membership Manager June 2011 - Jan 2013• Developed and managed membership program to provide new revenue stream.• Assisted companies in process of discovering legal and financial needs, worked with partner firms and banks to meet these needs.• Advised local businesses on international expansion through one-on-one consultations, seminars and written materials.• Led overhaul of organization's branding and marketing materials, introducing a modern look and feel more in line with the parent association's guidelines.• Contracted with and directed web developer to build a new, stakeholder-focused website that better represented the organization and more fully met user needs. Provided all content and updates for said website. • Managed all social media properties and handled all press relations.• Streamlined processes for international trade missions (Brazil, China, Russia, Israel, Vietnam and more) and locally hosted business conferences. These efforts saved over $20 thousand and decreased trade mission lead-time by 50%.Founder, Young InternationalistsSalt Lake County Political Party - 2012 to 2012professional networking group), 2011; grew organization from 0 to over 300 in three monthsResearch AssistantFirst Law International - Brussels - January 2011 to May 2011Brussels, BelgiumFLI offers legal solutions for organizations conducting cross-border European/MENA businessResearch Assistant Jan 2011 - May 2011• Reviewed synthesized cross-border business contracts for inconsistencies, errors and other points, saving money for the firm and clients.Fraud Analyst InternU.S. Department of State - London - September 2010 to January 2011Conducted study of visa fraud and misuse among select countries and presented findings to diplomatic leadership.• Maintained caseload of financial and document fraud, liaising with local authorities and federal agencies to resolve cases and aid ongoing investigations.Project AssistantWatkins Global Strategies - Salt Lake City, UT - January 2010 to May 2010Salt Lake City, UTWGS provided strategic consulting for clients in various sectors including technology, non profit, government, entertainment & media and financial servicesProject Assistant Jan 2010 - May 2010• Worked directly with the firm's founder taking the lead on numerous accounts.Community Leadership and Other ExperienceInternUS Senate Campaign - Edinburgh - 2005 to 2007trained 150 volunteers, oversaw 50 rental properties and 25-car fleetEDUCATIONMaster of Business Administration in Marketing & EntrepreneurshipTHE GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY, School of Business - Washington, DC May 2015MBAUNIVERSITY OF UTAH - Salt Lake City, UTLINKS http://www.richardmcconkie.com￼