Rinku PandeySoftware Developer - Cornerstone Payment System- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rinku-Pandey/52b487943f759be3• Working around 1.5+ Years as a Software Engineer in NetCore Prv. Ltd, India's best mailing and mobility marketing company gave me big explosive knowledge of most Open Source language. This experience also include most of designing technique, software architecture, testing technique and data compression technique in the database.• Experience in development of Facebook application with user data utilization.• Experience in maintaining/creating in-house API's and also managing third party API's for mass mailing and messaging service.• Experience working on CRM system in BankCard Pros.• Redesign the whole structure of CRM system with additional functionality like Quick Book and Doc sign.• Experience working with payment system in Cornerstone Payment System.• Extensive working experience on all aspects of Lead Generation, Lead Fulfillment, Order Fulfillment, Invoicing, Pricing, Modes of Payment, Shipping and Distribution.• Extensively experienced in integrating Data with Oracle Database using SQL Developer Tool and PLSQL Developer Tool.• Experienced in scripting languages like HTML, JSON, Java Script, Jquery, Shell Script and PHP.• Excellent communication and inter-personal skills, accustomed to working in both large and small team environments.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperCornerstone Payment System - June 2014 to PresentJune 2014 - Till DateCornerstone Payment Systems provides everything that you need to accept and process credit cards for your business or ministry. Cornerstone has made a commitment to separate our merchant processing services from the remainder of the industry.Role: Software DeveloperResponsibilities:• Developing a Dashboard and payment feature for core product.• Developing architecture pattern and social advertising for payment system.• Database driven reports, dashboards, and interface and also maintenance of development, test and reuse of production system.• Enhance existing software to reuse operating time and to improve efficiency and performance. Environment: Secure net Sendbox, live payment system of Secure net, PayPal and Facebook payment system.Web DeveloperCalifornia State University Long Beach - April 2014 to PresentApril'14 - Till DateState university which provides the education and all other information related to academic culture around campus.Role: Web DeveloperResponsibilities:• Developing and maintain college website.￼• Create and execute unit testing and acceptance testing.Environment: College server with 36,000 student data, working on live CSU website, WordPress.Software DeveloperBankCard Pros or Creative Vision Studio - December 2013 to June 2014Dec'13 - Jun'14Bankcard Pros CRM/MCA is the result of a decade-long period of investment by a dedicated team of software developers who know your industry, your needs and requirements. They created a CRM product that specifically targets the Bankcard industry, while providing a flexible product that can be customized according to the particular needs of company.Role: Software DeveloperResponsibilities:• Developed client's website by using WordPress.• Developed QuickBooks and many other feature on CRM system (Main Product of the company).• Maintaining and developing ORM system for client for providing PDF document feature.Environment: Quick Book Send Box, Doc Sign, Ring Central and payment management.Software EngineerNetCore Pvt - May 2012 to July 2013Solution May'12 - July'13is the India's best mailing and messaging marketing company. They provide facility to market client product. They also provide campaign for government product.Role: Software Engineer.Responsibilities:• Responsibility to design software which include communication and interface requirement.• Develop product by using JAVA, PHP with unit testing and self-documentation.• Developing internal tool for company employs for managing all product and there system also to maintain their payroll by using PHP.• Design, develop, maintain and enhance internal and customer facing web applications and services.• Attended Meetings with the company's business department people, where used to gather requirements, demonstrate the worked upon requirements until business satisfaction.Environment: Oracle Database, SQL Developer, PLSQL Developer, Notepad++, Script Debugger, Shell Scripting and Perl,EDUCATIONMaster of Science in Computer ScienceCalifornia State University Long Beach - Long Beach, CAADDITIONAL INFORMATION Technical SummaryCRM Technologies Securenet API, Credit/Debit card payment, Employee Management Web Technologies Web Services, HTML, DHTML, JSON, AJAX, Java script, JQuery. Languages PHP, Perl, Java J2SE, C, C++, SQLRDBMS Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQLTools & Technologies VI Editor, Eclipse, Notepad++, NetBeans.Operating Systems Linux, UNIX, Windows.