Robert LowdenGeneral Manager/Executive Chef at North Shore GrillCaledonia, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Robert-Lowden/e027b621f783637bWORK EXPERIENCEProject Manager (Contractor)Master Care Restoration Company - Leroy N.Y. - 2011 to PresentResponsibilitiesManage all areas of recontruction.Includes permits, one on one meeting with home owners,architect to set up scope of work.Labor and profit management to customer satisfaction.Oversee work performance of crews.AccomplishmentsComplete customer satisfction.Increased production and profit margains.While maintaning employee retention.Skills UsedManagement abilities computer skills. Skill set from heavy equipment operation,electical,framing to finish carpentryLicensed General ContractorBob Lowden Construction - Oakland, CA - 1997 to PresentEstimated, bid, sold and performed construction projects to $300,000.• Include restaurant rehabilitation, residential bath and kitchen remodeling, to full house construction. • Functioned as general contractor; hired, sequenced and managed sub-contractorsGeneral Manager/Executive ChefNorth Shore Grill - Lakeville, NY - July 2009 to January 2011Consulted with co-owners to design, build and manage a 240-seat fine-dining waterfront restaurant with a full bar, boat dock, deck and outside amphitheater that has significantly exceeded expectations in terms of business volume and profit.• Laid out kitchen; specified and purchased equipment.• Developed menus, portioning and pricing.• Hired and trained staff; up to 50 during peak season.• We are one of the top-rated restaurants on the Round Table in Rochester.ChefGanson House Restaurant - July 2007 to July 2009Assisted in re-opening of an existing landmark restaurant. • Set up and equipped kitchen.• Developed menus, portioning and pricing.• Hired and staffed kitchen.Owner/Operator/ChefCaledonia Village Inn Restaurant - Caledonia, NY - April 2001 to July 2007Leased, restored and renovated an historic landmark building into 200-seat fine dining restaurant. • Generated strong market penetration in both the Buffalo and Rochester markets.￼• Developed a strong, profitable catering business in-house and across western NY.EDUCATIONHotel & Restaurant ManagementSanta Barbara City College - Santa Barbara, CA 1985ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONRestaurant management professional with experience in the following key areas:• Restaurant general management; all facets, including design and build of new facility and renovation of existing, as well as staffing, training, marketing and financial administration.• Executive chef: very strong in menu development, portioning, pricing, expediting, and presentation; effective in maintaining quality in high-volume situations.• Includes single and multi-unit, fine dining and national franchise bistro, on and off-site catering, full bar operations, waterfront docking pier, and outdoor amphitheater.• Specification and purchasing of new and used restaurant equipment.• Staffing and training of up to 120 staff.• Purchasing: vendor sourcing; planning and management of liquor, food and operating supply inventories.