Rodrigue SaadNetwork Administrator - Security Cameras SystemPflugerville, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rodrigue-Saad/37bd8d72a98ef4e1Motivated, professional with 5-year of experience in the IT industry focus on Computer Networking. Flexible and versatile - able to maintain a sense of humor under pressure. Poised and competent with demonstrated ability to easily transcend cultural differences. Thrive in deadline-driven environments. Excellent team-building skills.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorSecurity Cameras System - 2007 to PresentInstall, configure, maintain and monitoring of Cisco networking equipment that supports the security cameras infrastructure.- Coordinates installations of new servers (Windows and Linux OS) and the maintenance of computer hardware.- Be part of the on-call rotation to provide response to support tickets created by the Helpdesk.Network AdministratorBUSSINES CENTER - Charlotte, NC - 2008 to 2012Responsible for installation, administration of the network equipment (routers, switches and servers).- Monitors the performance of the network and troubleshoots any problems.- Control user access to the network. This includes setting up passwords for individual users and determining which files, programs, or features each person is allowed to use.- Install computer programs and create appropriate documentation.- Perform daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and key processes.E.G.F II - Charlotte, NCCustomer Service RepresentativeSPRINT - Charlotte, NC - 2006 to 2007Superior communications skills in dealing with customers, co-workers, and employees. -Well-organized and highly efficient working in a multi-tasking dynamic environment. -Interpreter for French clients- Track customer calls in a computer database and research.- Identify, research, and resolve customer issues using the computer system. -Provide customers with product and service information.System/Network AdministratorL.A.C INC - Beirut - 2004 to 2005Maintaining the company Website and the company Intranet.- Create, develop and manage content for organizations web presence.- Keep current with emerging web technologies through relevant blogs, lists, and events.- Responsible for effective provisioning, installation/configuration, operation, and maintenance of systems hardware (pc, servers, routers and switches) and software.￼- Repair and recover from hardware or software failures.EDUCATIONTechnologyCentral Piedmont Community College - Charlotte, NC 2006 to PresentHigh School DiplomaCISCO Academy 2008 to 2009English as a Foreing LanguageCentral Piedmont Community College - Charlotte, NC 2005 to 2006ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkills Summary◆ Multilingual ( Arabic, French, English)◆ Cisco Routers and Switches (Installation, Configuration, Administration and Troubleshooting) ◆ Microsoft Windows Server 2003, Windows XP and Vista ( Installation, Administration).◆ Knowledge of Sql, Html and PHP.◆ Programming Languages: C++, Java, Python.◆ Enterprise Hardware (Server and Switches).◆ Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access).◆ Strong interpersonal and communication skills.◆ Possess warm outgoing personality with excellent telephone etiquettes.◆ Skilled in handling multiple tasks and work under pressure