Rohit Bapat Software DeveloperFarmington Hills, MI - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rohit-Bapat/aa73c5e4b972cf6fWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperSigmaTek Systems - Cincinnati, OH - October 2013 to PresentResponsibilities• CAD/CAM Software development in Delphi in Windows platform. • Modifying and maintaining existing software.• Maintaining different versions of the software.• Graphical User Interface design and development.• Develop and modify geometric algorithms• Build/maintain tools for OEM’s technology import• NC Posting tools developmentSigmaNEST Oct 13 –SigmaNEST is existing CAD/CAM nesting software product. Modifying and maintaining existing code as per needed. Software is developed in Delphi language. Developing different path generation algorithms and other mathematical models. Designing and developing Graphical User Interface. Maintaining different versions of the software. Provide after sale support if needed. Modifying and developing tools and code for NC posting. Working and developing tools for technologyimport for Machine Technology Group (MTG). Working knowledge of agile system of development.SNTecEdit Mar 14 –SNTecEdit is a utility tool to open/edit technology file of SigmaNEST. I workedon pushing the functionality forward, so that the tool is now able to importtechnology files of various machine manufacturers and automatically convertthe data into usable SigmaNEST technology file within seconds. The project mainly included data parsing, data manipulation and interpretation. This project gave a nice insight of machines, standard data used and industry standards followed by various OEMs.Software DeveloperEsi-Group - Farmington Hills, MI - January 2012 to Present• Software development in C++ in Windows and Linux platform. • Thermal and CFD solver post-processor development.• Graphics user interface design and development.• Total product Development for thermal and CFD solvers.• Developing professional meshing tools.• Restoring, maintaining and handling pre developed codes.• Quality checking for various products.• Visualization feature development according to customer needs. • Provide after sale support for products.• Documentation for thermal and CFD solvers.￼• Corresponding data and knowledge across developers in various branches. • Releasing official product versions for Windows and Linux platforms• Radplus : Jan 13 –Modified a pre developed thermal solver post-processor code in C++. Includes development of graphical user interface in Qt + Qwt, visualization in VTK and also implementing HDF5 and RadTherm libraries. Modified GUI according to newerneeds and latest improvements in toolkits. Provided professional licensing to product. Released two major version and three minor versions of this product in Windowsand Linux (32bit and 64 bit). Provide after sale support.• SimPack : Jan 13 –Modified a pre developed code in C++. SimPack is a simple tool to predict component and element temperatures. Provided professional licensing to product. Released one major version and four minor versions of this product in Windows and Linux(32 and 64 bit). Provide after sale support.• MaterialDB Jan 13 –Provided professional licensing to product. Released one minor versions of this product in Windows and Linux (32 and 64 bit). Provide after sale support.• FTS (Fast Timestep Solver) May 13 –Developing a fast meshing code for CFD solver. Adding capability of unstructured, Adaptive Mesh Refinement (AMR) to meshing tool in generic C/C++. DevelopingA portion of CFD solver code for adaptive mesh in generic C/C++. Developmentof GUI for the pre-processing and post-processing for solver in Qt4. Visualization techniques development using VTK. Providing support for various 3D file formats. HDF5, Radtherm libraries are used and implemented for data and geometry storage. Merging thermal solver with FTS for better accuracy and results. Handlingdata transfer between different solvers. Parallelization of CFD solver. Development for Windows and Linux (32bit and 64 bit).Graduate Research AssistantMechanical & Aerospace Engineering Department - Rolla, MO - January 2010 to December 2011• Graduate Research Assistant :1. Waste Electric & Electronic Equipments (WEEE) recycling plant Automation Jan 10–May 11 Studied conventional and current recycling processes. Selection of machinerybased on process. Equipments are selected based on economic and spaceefficiency and time reduction criteria. Different types of electronic wastes needdifferent process of recycling. Hence separate equipments selected. Final objectiveis automation of whole recycling plant.2. CAVE Virtual Reality - Applied virtual reality toolkits and techniques to develop 3D Jan 10-July 10 Virtual Environments for manufacturing and assembly processes. Implementationof tracking systems for navigation in virtual environment for ergonomic analysisfor assembly operations of fuselage .Virtual environment is created using 3D CADand Studio softwares such as 3DS Max and Maya , OpenGL and several C++ based visualization toolkits. Simulation includes 3D modeling , texturing and real-time animations.3. Low Cost Motion Tracking – Developing and testing a Low Cost Motion Tracking Jan 10-Jun 10 system using camera systems such as Nintendo Wiimote , Kinect system withreal-time virtual environment . Research consists of studying motion tracking usingmulti-camera system ,which is used to track objects and human body. The System isbased on real time Image processing using C++ and C# toolkits. Visualization for system setup is carried out in VTK and GUI is designed in MATLAB. System is used for process evaluation as well as ergonomic analysis.4. Multiple Camera System Setup Toolbox – Designed and developed the toolbox to Jan 11-Jun 10 Design multiple camera setup for small area as well as wide area motion tracking.The toolbox is designed in MATLAB as well as VTK. Toolbox can be used for anytype of camera with random placement and orientation of cameras. Algorithms forvisibility of points inside the 3D area, integration of vision systems by Horn’s method and Dijkstra’s method for evaluating shortest path based on accuracy are implemented. The VTK module is designed for visualization of complete system along with cameras Setup and area covered by tracking system.Associate EngineerTATA Consultancy Services - Mumbai, Maharashtra - October 2008 to July 2009• Maintaining data base for Mainframes.• Statistical Analysis of Banking processes.• Product Development for Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) applications. • Customizing product design based on customers’ requirements.EDUCATIONBE in Mechanical EngineeringUniversity of Pune (India) - Pune, Maharashtra January 2004 to January 2008Mechanical & Aerospace EngineeringUniversity of Missouri - Rolla, MOSKILLSC/C++, Qt (GUI), MATLAB, HDF5, VTK, MPI, 3D Modeling, OpenSceneGraph, Graphic Design, Real-time animation, Virtual Reality , CAD modeling, Graphic Visualization, Computer Application DevelopmentLINKS http://www.linkedin.com/pub/rohit-bapat/30/241/90bADDITIONAL INFORMATIONWorked as Director and Writer for plays and short films Freelance Event managerChairman of Cultural committee University of Pune Certification in Japanese￼Hobbies - Photography, Classical music, Writing plays , Wild life