Rowena HowlandRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rowena-Howland/43bd5d00eb8dbd1aWORK EXPERIENCEProfessional CleanerSelf-Employed - Ithaca, NY - January 2014 to PresentI clean private homes. Cleaning includes general dusting, floors, deep cleaning bathrooms and kitchens and windows. I help to provide a clean and fresh environment for families in need of a little extra help.ServerSelf-Employed - Ithaca, NY - February 2014 to April 2014As a server, I provided care to customers and made recommendations based on preferences. I processed orders and cash/ credit payments through POS system/register. I increased sales by creating standing relationships with customers.NannyGaithersburg, M.D - February 2013 to December 2013As a Nanny, I was responsible for, a new born boy and his five year old sister. I was in charge of cleaning the house, mealplanning, educational field trips, general care and incorporating yoga into the children's everyday routine. By creating astructured, safe space I was able to bring stability and comfort to children in need, during their parents' work week. I amcertified to teach Power Vinyasa Yoga and was able to lead my charges in their practice every day, as well as taking care of their other daily needs.Field Manager/Deposit DirectorGrassroots Campaigns - Washington, DC - February 2012 to February 2013While at Grassroots' I worked as a fundraiser with a team of two to four people. I was responsible for motivating, supervising and leading my team towards a profitable day for the organization. I lead my teams as highest raisingcanvasser for the majority of my employment. I was also responsible for facilitating various trainings, including, but notlimited to, first day orientation, strong language, and protocol in the field. As a deposit director, I handled all confirmation calls, money orders and made sure every raised dollar reached our cashiering department.EDUCATIONCertified Vinyasa Teacher in Vinyasa YogaCorePower Yoga - Bethesda, MD 2013 to 2013General StudiesMontgomery College 2011 to 2013Bethesda Chevy Chase High School￼2011ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLS PROFILE- Knowledge of POS/Cash Register/Open Table - Cash handling experience- Extensive customer service experience- Experience training and supervising staff