Roy Wang Web Developer - Citibank- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Roy-Wang/ae0cf56fd21721af• Oracle Certified Java Programmer having more than 5 years professional experience in software design, development and testing of Java/J2EE applications with strong Object Oriented Programming skills.• Expertise in the field of Finance / Bank / Telecommunication.• Expertise in Core Java concepts such as OOP Concepts, Collections Framework, Exception Handling, I/O System, Multi-Threading, JDBC, Reflection, Generics and other new features in Java 7.• Deep understanding of Object Oriented Design. Proficient in Java Design Patterns: Singleton, Factory, Abstract Factory, Facade, Observer, Adapter etc. and also in J2EE patterns such as MVC, DAO, POJO, Business Delegate etc.• Expertise in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of Business applications in web and client-server environment using Java and J2EE patterns, together with JSP, Servlet, SOAP, WSDL, UDDI, JDBC, Java Mail, Log4j, AJAX, XML, XSL, XSLT etc.• Proficient in writing efficient SQL, PL/SQL, stored procedures, Packages, Triggers and Functions on various database servers such as Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server and PostgreSQL• Extensive experience in using various frameworks including Struts2 MVC, Spring4 MVC, Hibernate3, etc. Strong experience in their configuration, integration and implementation.• Strong background in using front-end and data transfer techniques such as HTML/HTML5, DHTML, JavaScript, JQuery, jQuery UI, Ext-JS, jqPlot Plug-ins, DOM, AJAX, XML, JAXB, CSS etc.• Experience in EJB and Java API (JMS) for Web Services (JAX-WS, SOAP and JAX-RS).• Worked with Integrated Development Environments (IDE) like Netbeans and Eclipse.• Experience in major web servers, including Apache Tomcat, Glassfish and Jboss.• Experience in using assistant tools in software development such as JUnit.• Experience in Agile Software Development, Test Driven Development (TDD), Scrum and Extreme Programming (XP) to provide high quality solutions.• Experience in Unit testing, Integration testing and System testing.• Excellent teamwork, analytical, problem solving and communication skills.• Ability to learn quickly, to work independently and to correctly apply new tools and technology.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperCitibank - Township of Warren, NJ - May 2014 to PresentCitibank is the consumer division of financial services multinational Citigroup, which is the largest banking holding company in the United States by total assets, followed by Bank of America and JPMorgan ChaseProject description:AOW is a web based comprehensive centralized home loan origination system that handles the retail mortgage business for Citibank and Joint Venture businesses. As part of loan process, AOW interacts with more than 15 web services to perform Credit, Decision, Appraisal, Upload and other tasks using the https protocol. The entire AOW built on using Java/J2EE/Spring/Hibernate/Axis Web Services/Oracle.Responsibilities:• Responsible for understanding the mortgage business functionality of the AOW application.• Redesigned and developed exiting workflow processes using Spring Service framework, EJB.￼• Design and develop user interface (UI) screens using HTML, JSP. • Implementing business logic using spring service components.• Responsible for fixing defects and testing AOW application.• Implemented DAO's for certain services for database access.• Wrote Oracle Stored Procedures using SQL/PLSQL.• Redesigned and developed exiting workflow processes using Spring Service framework.• Design and develop Hibernate components, mapping files based on the requirements.• Responsible to create, develop and implement SOAP & Axis based web service components with the reliability of JMS.• Responsible for writing JUnit test cases to test business layer and data layer.• Performed Unit and Integration testing and debugging the AOW application.Environment:JAVA, J2EE (JSP, Servlets), Spring, Hibernate, Axis, Web Service, SOA, WSAD, XML, SOAP, XSD, Ajax, Portlets, JSR168, JavaScript, JUnit, Maven, Oracle, Web Sphere, RAD, Clear Case, Clear Quest, Vignette Database MS SQL Server 2000 and Jboss and Fortify on WindowsJ2EE DeveloperT-Mobile - Parsippany, NJ - July 2013 to April 2014 Project: AccOrd System (Access Ordering)T-Mobile US, Inc. is the American operating entity of the German wireless network operator T-Mobile International AG. The company operates the fourth largest wireless network in the U.S. marketProject description:AccOrd (Access Ordering) is an order processing system for telecom requess. The system receives ASR (Access Service Request) that is validated and formatted into a service order. The service order is used by an existing mainframe system for billing information and sending confirmation to the telecom customers.Responsibilities:• Responsible for object-orientated programming of current systems using Java/J2EE, Servlets, JavaBeans, Web services and EJBs.• Worked on Design patterns such as Data-Access-Objects, Data-Transfer-Objects and Session Façade• Extensive usage of Entity Beans to model persistent data in the application• Extensive usage of Session Beans to represent business processes of the application• Worked with Spring as the Web-container framework. Responsible for configuration of Spring web application • Responsible for configuration of EJB Application and Weblogic Application server• Used Exploded approach to have archives EAR, WAR, JAR• Created dynamic web pages with JSP, JSTL and Struts taglibs• Created custom tags and used them in conjunction with JSTL and Struts in JSPs• Involved in the creation of static HTML, CSS in creation of static pages• Used Eclipse as development environment for Java application• Used PL/SQL developer and TOAD as database development environment with Oracle as RDBMS• Used hibernate as middle layer to connect to database to retrieve data from tables• Worked with JavaScript for client side validations• Used ANT as build tool. Worked on build.xml, ant.bat and properties file• Used CM Synergy as a version control manager• Worked closely with requirement team, testing team, database administrators and production support teamEnvironment:J2EE, Java , Jakarta-Struts , JDK, Servlets , JavaBeans, hibernate, JSP, JSTL, CSS, HTML, Java Script, XML, EJB, JNDI, SQL, RDBMS, Oracle, Weblogic , Eclipse , PL/SQL developer, TOAD, CM Synergy, PERL, Custom tags, Windows, Sun SolarisJ2EE DeveloperTowers Perrin - Edison, NJ - October 2012 to June 2013 Project: Personal Benefit Profile (PBP)Towers Perrin was a professional services firm specializing in human resources and financial services consulting.Project description:The purpose of the PBP Entry System, which replaces the paper PBP form, is to provide an online tool for HR Representatives and Recruiters to enter information about employee employment events, review employee records, or modify employee information as necessary. An employee's information must be entered within 60 days of the employment event in an effort to provide the necessary information to the employee to enable him to make decisions about his benefits prior to his employment event date.Responsibilities:• Built the Application using MVC (Model-View-Controller) pattern and Struts Framework• Implemented Session Facade, Data Access Objects (DAO), Data Transfer Objects (DTO) design patterns• Developed stateless session beans (EJB) in session façade and for implementing business logic.• Used Eclipse as development environment• Configured Struts web application (struts-config.xml, web.xml and others)• Configured EJB application (ejb-jar.xml, WebLogic-ejb-jar.xml and others)• Used JDBC API as middle layer to connect to database to retrieve data from tables• Worked on SQL, PL/SQL and other RDBMS concepts in Oracle• Used JSP tags, Struts Tags, JSP Standard Tag Library (JSTL) tags and Custom tags to develop the dynamic web application pages.• Developed interactive Web pages with HTML, CSS• Extensive usage of JavaScript in Web pages for client side validation• Deployed the application in WebLogic Application servers 6,8• Involved in bug fixing and testing• Involved in building the WAR, JAR and EAR file and deployment.• Used Apache Ant build file Build.xml for building the application• Migrated application from WebLogic 6 to WebLogic 8• Used Web Services to provide remote servicesEnvironment:J2EE, Java , EJB, JNDI, Web Services, Jakarta-Struts , JDK, Servlets, JavaBeans, JDBC, JSP, JSTL, CSS, HTML, Java Script, XML, SQL, Swing, Oracle, RDBMS, WebLogic, Eclipse, PERL , ColdFusion , Windows, Sun SolarisJ2EE EngineerHSBC bank - 北京市 - July 2011 to July 2012 Project: Asset Liability Management System (PALMS)HSBC Holdings plc is a British multinational banking and financial services company headquartered in London, United Kingdom. It is the world's second largest bank.Project description:PALMS is a financial application that helps investors to tap the broadest range of investment choices and covers every investment style, strategy, and asset class. It offers comprehensive reporting and powerful analytics on your entire balance sheet.Responsibility:• Developed the application using Model-View-Controller (MVC) design paradigm and Struts Framework• Worked on J2EE Design patterns such as Data-Access-Objects, Data-Transfer-Objects and others.• Worked as a programmer analyst to code in Java/J2EE, JSP & Servlets.• Used database connection pooling using Informix JDBC driver.• Used JNDI for database pool lookups.• Effectively used data sources by acquiring, caching and reusing JDBC data sources• Extensive usage of Entity Beans to model persistent data in the application• Extensive usage of Session Beans to represent business processes of the application• Deployed the application in Web Sphere and used WSAD as development environment• Involved in the configuration of Jakarta-Struts web application (struts-config.xml and web.xml)• Involved in the design and implementation of ActionSevlet, which acts as Controller Servlet.• Involved in the design and implementation of ActionClass to execute the business logic and ActionForm to validate the form data.• Involved in set-up of ApplicationResources.properties to handle various labels and messages across the application• Extensive usage of XML and JDOM to parse various files in the application like user preferences etc• Extensively involved in the analysis of business documents and creation of XML schemas to validate structural and content constraints of the incoming documents• Used JDBC as middle layer to connect to database to retrieve data from tables• Created dynamic web pages using JSP, JSTL and Struts taglibs• Designed and developed user interface using Java Servlets, HTML & Java Applets• Involved in the creation of static HTML, CSS in creation of static pages• Extensive usage of JavaScript for client side validation• Wrote Oracle stored procedures and triggers for the transactions• Enhanced the performance of the whole application using the Stored Procedures and Prepared Statements. • Provided quality assurance and troubleshooting assistanceEnvironment:J2EE, Java 2, Jakarta-Struts 1.1, JDK1.4.1, Servlets 2.2, Applets, JavaBeans, EJB 2.0, JNDI, JDBC, JSP, JSTL, HTML, JBuilder, Java Script, XML, SQL, PL/SQL, Oracle 9i, RDBMS, Web Sphere 5.1, WSAD 5.1, Windows 2000 and Solaris 2.7(Unix)Java ProgrammerBeijing Tongren Hospital - 北京市 - August 2010 to June 2011 Project: MyDoctorsCare Hospital Management SystemBeijing Tongren hospital affiliated to Capital Medical University is a major comprehensive hospital founded in 1886.Project description:A software solution for developing a web based hospital management system. The website covered all dynamic aspects of hospital management, on a modular basis viz. emergency, doctor, nurse, canteen etc.Responsibilities:• Involved in Designing and developing J2EE business components.• Implemented JSP, Servlets, EJB and XML in J2EE environment.• Designed and developed user interface using Java Servlets, HTML & Java Applets• Configured Web Logic application Server.• Developed the Java Code using JBuilder as IDE.• Development of the Server Side Application that handles the Database manipulation with the back-end Oracle database using JDBC.• Stored procedures were used extensively to perform various actions on database using PL/SQL.• Involved in developing the core business logic using Session & Entity Beans (EJBs) and deploying them in Web Logic Application server.• Used vi editor to develop batch files in UNIX shell• Used Apache Tomcat as web server.Environment:J2EE, JDK 1.3, Java 2, Struts 1.0, JSP 1.1, EJB, Servlets 2.2, Applets, JDBC, Swing, XML, XSLT, PL/SQL, HTML, JavaScript, Rational Clear Case, BEA Web Logic 6.0, JDBC 3.0, Oracle 8.0, RDBMS, JBuilder, Win 2000, Unix (Solaris)Web engineerBank of China - 北京市 - June 2009 to June 2010 Project: InnovezBank of China Limited is one of the 5 biggest state-owned commercial banks in the People's Republic of China.Project description:Innovez System is a high-performance Financial Application for the organizations, which deal with Equities, Foreign Exchange and Fixed Deposits. The application is a high-transactional e-commerce based application. This n-tier architecture supports a centralized data sharing between these subsystems using XML for data buffering and transfer. Developed and maintained systems on the principles of J2EE architecture.Responsibility:• Worked with the client in the development of the requirements definition.• Created UML diagrams (use case, class, sequence, collaboration, component, deployment etc.)• Played the key role in the development of the System Architecture, Database and the Security Parameters. • Designed and implemented an object-relational database layer that was used by the team to add, delete and update records from the Oracle database• Designed and developed Entity Beans for different objects required for storing the Wallet information• Extensive usage of Session Beans to represent business processes of the application• Developed web front-end using MVC architecture to deal with user request using JSPs, Custom tags• Implemented the Struts Framework architecture to maintain the systems in J2EE Standards and enabled the Data Flow• Designed and developed the business process and data process layer using Java/J2EE, Servlets and EJBs • Created dynamic web pages using JSP and tag libraries• Involved in the design and implementation of Validation and Error Messaging framework using XML and JDOM• Wrote complex XQL queries for extracting information from XML and HTML documents• Used Mantis bug tracking system to maintain history and status of the bugs between the releases and between the development and QA teams.Environment:J2EE, Java 2, Jakarta-Struts 1.0, JDK 1.4.1, Servlets 2.2, EJB 2.0, JDBC, JSP, JSTL, Swing, HTML, Java Script, XML, XSLT, PL/SQL, Oracle 8.1.5, RDBMS, IBM Web Sphere Application server 5.0.2, Apache Tomcat 4.1, JBuilder 7.0, Win 2000 Pro and Unix (Solaris)ADDITIONAL INFORMATION TECHNICAL SKILLS:Programming Languages: \ J2EE Frameworks: \Java, C/C++, Oracle PL/SQL \ spring 2.x/3.x/4.0, Hibernate 3.0, Struts 1.2/2.0\Tools: \ Version Control / Testing: \Eclipse 3.x, Tomcat 5.5 & 6.x, \ CVS, SVN, Maven\J2EE Technologies: \ Web Technologies: \JSP, JSF, Servlet, JDBC, EJB\ HTML5/CSS3, JavaScript/jQuery, AJAX, \Servers: \ Databases: \JBoss, Apache Tomcat, WebLogic, Glassfish \ Oracle 10g/9i/8i/7i, MySql 4.1, Microsoft \ JSON, XML, Bootstrap, Backbone.JS, \ SQL Server 9.0\Angular.JS\Operation Systems: \Linux, Microsoft Windows, Mac OS \