Ruby HeWeb developer - T-mobile- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ruby-He/be75c82acbfce97a• Oracle Certified Java Programmer having more than 5 years professional experience in front-end web development and client/server web application development.• Expertise in the development of cross browser compatible using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, DOM and AJAX.• Hands on experience in using various frameworks including Google Angular.js and Twitter Bootstrap.• Extensive experience in coding and debugging application using debug tool, such as FireBug, IE Tester and Chrome Inspector.• Hands on experience in using CSS3, CSS media queries and Bootstrap concepts in the UI.• Excellent in Core Java, including Collections, Exception Handling, I/O System and Multi-Threading.• Experienced in integrating suitable jQuery plugins in various UI creations like Tabs, Tables, Paginations, Image carousels, menus and other components• Strong background in manipulating different data types including JSON and XML.• Experience in developing web pages with Web Services (SOAP and RESTful).• Experienced in major web servers, including Apache Tomcat, Glassfish.• Proficient with related database management systems and query software such as Oracle, SQL Server and Mysql.• Deep understanding of Object Oriented Design. Proficient in Java Design Patterns: Singleton, Factory, Abstract Factory, Facade, Observer, Adapter etc.• Experienced in all stages of a SDLC (Requirements analysis, Lifecycle planning, Designing, Coding, Integration, Documentation, Validation, Testing and Installation).• Proficient in writing test cases and using QUnit / Jasmine for UI testing.• Experienced in using version control tool GIT, CVS and SUN.• Excellent communication skills, having responsibility, good team player and work as an individual efficient as well.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb developerT-mobile - Parsippany, NJ - December 2013 to Present Project: Update shopping catalogueDescription:T-Mobile is one of the fastest growing nationwide wireless service providers, offering all digital voice, messaging and high-speed wireless data services to more than 18.2 million customers in the United States. To achieve better performance and delight customers, T-Mobile update and redesign the shopping catalog. A more dynamic web page is available for users, and searching comes more simple and efficiently. Products list in a clear look and enable sort by the way customer like. Also, several products can be compared in every detail, not only the performance parameters, but also multi-angle pictures and social media reputation. Besides, we redesign the shopping cart, enables customers to edit items more convenient.Responsibility:• Involved in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), particularly in Agile methodology to deliver useful product in each sprint.￼• Updated user interface using HTML5, jQuery and CSS3.• Redesigned the products showing page with Bootstrap, Angular.js and HTML5.• Coded on CSS in web pages to separate presentation from structure. Defined text, size, borders, images and many other styling characteristics.• Used HTML, CSS and JavaScript to render the dynamic web pages for the application.• Used jQuery to navigate to different pages of the application, also jQuery event handling was used in UI pages handle validations.• Produced the shopping cart on the client Front-end using jQuery, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 and Angular JS. • Implemented and maintained AJAX based rich client for improved customer experience.• Used JSON, jQuery and AJAX for updating parts of pages along with consuming RESTful web service.• Responsible for writing the SQL Query to access the data from Oracle Database.• Made test plans, tested cases using QUnit and used FireBug debugging console to log the debug messages. • Used Eclipse IDE for development, and deployed application base on Tomcat 7.0 web server.• Handled browser compatibility issues in Chrome, Firefox and IE browsers.Environment:JDK 1.6, J2EE, JSP, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, XHTML, Servlets, JBoss 6.x, Oracle11g, Sping 3.x, Hibernate 3.x, XML 1.0, XSL, XSLT, UNIX, JUnit, Eclipse, HTML5, CSS3, Angular.js, Bootstrap, RESTful, Apache Tomcat 7.0, QUnit, Firebug, AgileJava Web developerM & T Bank - Buffalo, NY - November 2012 to November 2013 Project: Customer Assist applicationM&T Bank continues to be one of the best performing banks in the country. Having been in business for more than 150 years with over $69 billion in assets, M&T remains profitable, strong and stable.This project was used by bankers to assist customers to generate reports for any specific customer to relate to credit/debit cards. It offered eligibility and maintainability of the accounts. Also it provided instant verification/ update and validation of the customer's details, recent transactions, loan information, personal details, etc.Responsibilities:• Using Agile/Scrum based project management methodologies, worked with project team.• Used JSP, HTML, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery to develop graphical user interfaces.• Used AJAX for dynamically updating the content.• Utilized various JavaScript and jQuery libraries Bootstrap and AJAX for form validation and other interactive features.• Used Bootstrap concepts like layouts and form components in the UI pages• Involved in designing and developing the JSON, XML Objects with MySQL.• Used Ajax, JSON to send request to the server to get users data and then show in the web pages.• Handled form validations using jQuery and written some reusable JS functions• Handled browser compatibility issues in HTML, CSS and JavaScript for IE, Firefox and Chrome browsers.• Involved in developing test cases and executed using QUnit during development.• Used Eclipse IDE and SVN for version control.Environment:Java 1.6, Spring 3.0, Hibernate 3.6, Spring MVC, JSP, HTML, MySQL 5.x, XML, WebLogic 10.x, Eclipse, AJAX, JavaScript, JQuery, JSON, Bootstrap, CSS, Windows 7 SVN, and Ant 1.xUI developerDalian Wanda Commercial Real Estate. Hangzhou, China - June 2011 to July 2012Project: Real Estate Developing SystemDescription:Dalian Wanda Group Corporation Limited is a Chinese conglomerate company with activities in real estate, tourism, hotels, and entertainment. Dalian Wanda Commercial Real Estate is a subsidiary primarily responsible for the development and sales of commercial centers and residential areas.This project was developing a real estate system, which contains detail information about each department and each customer, also provides training tasks for sales. The system enabled administrator to access to manage the information of departments and users as well.Responsibility:• Designed a user-friendly interface for Sales and Administrator using HTML, CSS3, and Javascript.• Used Bootstrap menus in navigation part.• Designed department's list and detail information pages with CSS, HTML to offer better show of their unique features.• Used jQuery and AJAX to navigate to dedicate pages.• Employed JavaScript and jQuery for sales' training task to attract more attention and bring more interesting. • Used SQL to manage and update information of departments and users.• Handled browser compatibility issues in HTML, CSS and JavaScript for IE, Firefox and Chrome browsers.• Involved in the Analysis, Design and Development phase of the project.• Used Eclipse IDE for designing, coding and developing applications.Environment:JAVA, J2EE, JUnit, ANT, AJAX, JSP, JavaScript, Eclipse, PL/SQL, Servlets, Struts2, HTML, XML, Spring 2.0, Hibernate 2.0, Log4j, Web Logic 8.1, Linux, Rational Rose, CVS, CSS, jQuery, Bootstrap, SQL Server, EclipseWeb DeveloperChina Telecom. Hangzhou, China - Hangzhou, CN - March 2010 to May 2011 Project: Update Customer Business ApplicationChina Telecom Corporation Limited is a Chinese state-owned telecommunication company. It is the largest fixed-line service and the third largest mobile telecommunication provider in Mainland China.This project updated the business management system for sales to process business more efficiently. Sales enabled to open a new account, manipulate plans and deal with billing information for customers.Responsibilities:• Redesigned user interface for users to interact with system using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery. • Developed the menu using jQuery and AJAX to navigate pages.• Involved in designing and developing the JSON, XML Objects with Oracle.• Test the application on various Web Browsers to solve compatibility problem.• Used Eclipse IDE for designing, coding and developing applications.Environment:Core Java, Servlets, JSP, JDBC, XML, JUnit, DOM, Spring, JMS, JAX-WS, Hibernate, Struts 2, Oracle 10g, Web Logic 10.2, Ant, HTML, JavaScript, UML, LINUX, Eclipse, JSONJunior Software DeveloperBank of Hangzhou. Hangzhou, China - April 2009 to February 2010Project: Student Banking ApplicationDescriptionBank of Hangzhou is a fast growing commercial banking organization in China. It provides several kinds of banking and financial services including personal financial, small business and corporate banking services. In this project, the main purpose was to build a new web application called student banking which benefits the local college students in regular bank checking/savings.Responsibility• Involved in develop the UI components using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.• Handled Browser compatibility issues for different browsers related to CSS and HTML.• Involved in Designing the database tables, indexes, primary keys by understanding the requirement document and functional requirements document.• Prepared Services Design, Requirement Analysis and UI Specific Document.• Collaborated with the Sr. software developer's team to meet business needs.Environment:JSP, HTML, CSS, spring, Hibernate, Eclipse, Web Sphere Application Server, Web services (SOAP, WSDL), JavaScript, Log4J, PL/SQL, Sybase 10, CVS, RAD and OracleADDITIONAL INFORMATION TECHNICAL SKILLS:Language: \ Databases: \Java, C, C#, Python\ Oracle 10g/11g, MySQL, SQL Server\Front-end: \ Back-end: \JavaScript, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, \ Java EE 6, EJB, Spring Framework 4.0, \ JQuery, AJAX, Google AngularJS 1.2.8, \ Hibernate Framework 4.3, Maven, and \ Twitter Bootstrap 3, BackboneJS 1.1.2, \ NodeJS 0.10\EmberJS 1.9.1, Sencha ExtJS 5, SpineJS 1.4, \Dojo Toolkit 1.10, Mootools 1.5.1\Programming environments: \ Operator System: \Microsoft Visual Studio 2010/2013, \ UNIX, Linux, Windows, OS X\ Sublime Text 2.0, Eclipse IDE for Java EE, \NetBeans 8.0, WebStorm 9, Notepad++ 6.7\