Salam Hussein ATTORNEY- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Salam-Hussein/f2ffb22e0a687c70Obtain a legal advisor for O.R.H.A, C.P.A. and with 1st Cav, 3rd ID, 4th ID ( US ARMY ), NDI, BearingPoint / IJIP / SSL / PL/ USAID for a consulting position / ePRT3 USAID and with UNDP.WORK EXPERIENCEATTORNEYA private Office - 1991 to 2014Trial (Attorney) in private practice of a Criminal Law in the Felony Courts and Misdemeanor Courts in all of Iraq ( Juveniles and Adults), Civil law, Family law . And all other of Iraqi laws.Lawyer and legal consultant of companiesWorking as a lawyer and as a legal consultant for many Iraqi companies and as a statutory lawyer for many of foreign companies.UNDP / UNITED NATIONS - Officer of Rule of LawAL Adhamiya - December 2008 to May 2009As a court liaison and interpreter between the UNDP and the Appellate Court of Al Russafa, The Appellate Court of Al Karkh / Baghdad, HJC, MOJ, JDI, JTI, Shuta Council and many of legal facilities of Baghdad with a position Officer Rule of Law in order to install a new electronic system of Data Base for all activities at these two courts.Coins of Appreciation: -I have had 21 Coins of Appreciation from the US ARMY and from several civilian an American parties.Languages: English, Farsi and FrenchLegal consultant in NDI - Constitution programN.D.I - Washington, DC - June 2005 to October 2005Washington D.C to issue the new Constitution of Iraq by the assistance of many international judicial experts and giving the Iraqi constitutional committees a good legal experiments to establish it. Legal consultant in NDI - Constitution program.1- Providing advice and research support on Iraqi Constitution and laws related with it.2- Made many seminars about federalism and Constitution review.3- Providing support to other programs about Iraqi laws.4- Submitted many studies or memos about human rights in Iraqi laws and other related matters in the constitution Researching, review and analysis of Iraqi laws.5- .Advise program staff on legal matters pertaining to Iraqi law and constitutional issues.6- Provided legal analysis of the court systems, Islamic law, Iraqi law and the draft constitution itself which provided staff with useful and critical information.7- Responsible for translation of legal documents pertaining to the work of the NDI program on Governance and the constitution.8- Develop and implement political development programs.￼9- Working to strengthen and expand democracy worldwide.US Embassy, (GST) - Baghdad - June 2004 to June 20051- Providing advice and research support on questions of Iraqi domestic law2- Reviewing, translate, and summarize new Iraqi laws, orders and regulations3- Facilitating meetings between the Office and Iraqi governmental officials and other foreign and domestic companies4- Facilitating legal work that requires engagement with Iraqi government offices5- Major participant in development and production of the popular MND-B sponsored radio program "The Citizen and the Law" which is weekly broadcasted on Radio Sawa (Baghdad FM 100.4).explain topical legal issues to the Iraqi popular.Judge Danile Rubbinee ( Col. in US ARMY )O.R.H.A AND C.P.A - May 2003 to July 2004 MAY/1/ 2003-JULY/1/2004Working and co-operating with ORHA the Office of Reconstruction and Humanitarian Assistance, and with Coalition Provisional Authority as a liaison between the Iraqi M.O.j. and C.P.A representing O.R.H.A. and C.P.A. in the Investigation Courts of Baghdad with Judges: 1- Donald Campbel 2- Judge Danile Rubbinee ( Col. in US ARMY ) and 3- Judge Schmolds At the time of the Ambassador Mr. Paul Brimer.An American ManagerBearingPoint - I.J.I.P.- S.S.L. - P.L - September 2006 Sep/17/2006Participating with the project of Iraqi Justice Integration Project for establishing a new system of Data Base for any detainee in Iraq who had been arrested or being ceased by the Iraqi police.Participating with the Social Security Law and Pension Law Projects of the BearingPoint programs.My Bosses: -1- Michael Masterson - An American Manager 2- Peter Moore - An English ManagerePRT3 / USAIDEDUCATIONMaster in lawST Clemens University June 2001English Language4- College 1994Psychology3- College 1988Law2- College 1984Bachelor's1- Police Academy 1979Baghdad UNIVERSITY