Samantha Alfred Marketing ExecutiveJamaica, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Samantha-Alfred/7eb5dc033ba74f87Marketing professional dedicated to driving customer satisfaction and product visibility through prolific marketing strategies, with many years of experience in the tourism and marketing field in public relations, relationship building and management.WORK EXPERIENCEMarketing ExecutiveDiscover Dominica Authority - 2007 to 2014Created effective messaging using language, graphics and marketing collateral.• Developed partnerships with local businesses to secure third party promotions.• Wrote off-site SEO content such as press releases, guest blog posts and informational article suggestions, pitches.• Worked closely with clients to identify their needs and challenges and provide solutions-oriented campaign themes.• Wrote an average of 5 - 8 press releases and media advisories each month for event announcements and public relations efforts.• Reviewed and edited destination website to guarantee high content quality.• Cultivated and managed relationships with key clients, vendors and community partners.• Compared agency and vendor marketing expenses against established budgets.• Collaborated with designers and the editorial team on marketing materials.• Managed project deadlines and monitored milestones through completion stage.• Coordinated with internal business divisions, agency partners and local vendors to guarantee on time, cost- effective delivery of all marketing communications materials.• Proofed and approved production and printing drafts of promotional materials.• Managed and directed the advertising for various print and web placements• Managed and oversee the activities, budgets and plans of company/destination representatives• Created and implemented local and international campaigns for the destination• Coordinated, facilitated and managed the destination participation in trade and consumer shows in the US and Internationally including travel arrangements and booth set-up• Coordinated and arranged for press and trade familiarization trips including logistics and itinerary preparation • Created destination content and fact sheets• Managed and conducted destination presentations and webinarsAssistant Tourism OfficerDiscover Dominica Authority - 2002 to 2007Coordinated and facilitated training for private sector and stakeholders• Arranged and conducted site inspections for licensing and certification of tourism service providers • Provided information to tourism• Trained service providers in areas of customer service, professionalism and communication• Conducted the destination trade show participation• Arranged and escorted press groups on familiarization trips and excursions￼EDUCATIONMBA in MarketingUniversity of Liverpool - London, OH 2015Advanced Diploma in Tourism ManagementInstitute of Tourism & Hotel Management 2008Associates in Tourism & HospitalityDominica State College 2007SKILLSProject Management, Event Management, Customer Service TrainingADDITIONAL INFORMATION SKILLS• Campaign development• Organized• Strong Communication & Writing Skills • Team player• Social and new media• Fast Learner• Highly Dependable• Business development• Computer/Word Processing• Editing• Great attention to detail• Presentation Skills• Problem Solving• Interpersonal Skills• Project Management