Samantha Min-Drumm Creative Technology ProfessionalPhiladelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Samantha-Min-Drumm/cbc6a0a4bb134061Introduce latest trends and technologies to small and large companies. Product Designer and User Experience Developer for a leading healthcare company.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperDaVita Healthcare Partners - El Segundo, CA - June 2009 to PresentLead large scale projects playing an integral role as User Experience Developer to both internal management system and client based websites. Effective Project Manager in producing high traffic corporate websites.• Manage marketing teams of three different facets delegating art direction on creative web products under tight deadlines in a fast paced environment.• Drive high traffic websites performing content management, search engine optimization, analytics, and social media.• Introduce new web products and technologies providing creative and technical consultation including responsive web design and mobile platforms.Web DeveloperATC BROKER - Glendale, CA - March 2009 to June 2009Introduced brand methodologies and development tools to compete against leading websites through intense research and production.Software EngineerBUILDING SAFTEY SOLUTIONS - Pasadena, CA - October 2007 to January 2009Communicated marketing strategies, designed applications, and engaged in software development to both internal management system and client based websites.• Provided leadership and guidance performing as a liaison to Marketing and Information Technology teams to maintain well-integrated business.• Developed testing plans to ensure quality of new software, demonstrated technology support and introduced new technologies to major commercial property management firms.• Improved and designed new products to enhance functionality and performance on multiple intricate applications.Graphic DesignerBERRY AND HOMER - Philadelphia, PA - March 2005 to August 2006Produced large digital print products and managed print production. Collaborated with cross-functional teams building strong relationships with high profile clients.￼• Managed development of the corporate and client websites, and promotional events.EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Multimedia and Web DesignArt Institute of Philadelphia - Philadelphia, PA 2000 to 2004