Sandra JamesJackson, MI - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sandra-James/589b7e2b8e24057aTo accept an exciting opportunity to combine my wealth of knowledge and skills in a position that would consistently challenge me personally and professionally within a growing and established organization. Develop, direct, and prepare financial analyses of operations for guidance of management, recommends changes and ideas regarding to policies and programs, plans and directs new operational procedures to obtain optimum efficiency and reduced costs. Safekeeping internal controls, allocations of operational budgets, and preparation of reports, that outline financial position for financial markets assuring sources of capital. Direct and oversee all aspects of the financial and accounting functions of the organization.Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEMBA Degree in Accounting/Finance/TaxPatriot Solar Group LLC - Albion, MI - June 2013 to Present Accountant- Director of FinanceWorking with CEO/CFO on accomplishing their company's goals and missions to increase sales internationally. Accountant/Finance/Tax - CPA skills, working with tax expert CPA on all accounting/reports/etc.Michigan Residential Builders LicenseState of Michigan Active since 1994 - May 1994 to Present Notary Public - State of Michigan Active 2011Corporate ControllerWelcome Pharmacies, Inc - Center, MI, US - July 1997 to July 2012Strategic financial and operations management planning with the CEO, President and Vice President regarding implementation of updates in operations, consolidation/financials, budgets, payroll and payroll tax requirements/reporting (941/940/1020/1017W2/1096/1099, etc.), corporate tax (1120)/Partnership 1165 (K-1), Schedule C, etc., reporting, liaison with annual audit reviews for all 2 corporations, and several LLC's from the CPA firm, cash flow management and treasury functions, credit line negotiations/ management, vendor/ supplier contracts, legal contracts documentation, inventory management, all business insurances / employee benefits/human resources, and addressing all complex financial issues affecting the pharmacies. Compliance with GAAP/IFRS rules and SOX/ regulations.• Perform duties for the CEO/President/VP in their absence, and advisor to senior management concerning financial, operations, and safekeeping internal controls.• Supervise approximately 30 - 52 employees, know and understand all functions of each division on all levels; managers, pharmacists, pharmacy technicians, front end clerks, DME clerks, and delivery/maintenance personnel.• Research and analyze financials, costs, develop financial information for use in the decision making process with strategic planning. Provide accurate and timely information with spreadsheets, graphs, and tables for presentational purposes.• Prepared monthly financial reports, cash flow management, 13 Week Cash Flow Forecasts, annual budgets, allocations, and operational cost reports to develop efficient and effective financial and business operational procedures in all departments and implement technological advances within all processes.￼• Development of procedures for general ledger, account balances, budget variances, and operation funds. Balance sheet verification with capital assets and liabilities. (Detailed). Completes required compliance with all debt agreements, monitors debt schedules, interest fees, reviews daily cash position report and assists in the management of daily bank payments, accounts payables etc. Assists in the development of due diligence material for lenders as needed. Routinely analyzes data, investigates issues, identifies solutions and monitors/ implementation processes.• Coordinate the organizations advertising and media contracts, layout and formats.• Networking within the community and other comparable institutions developing professional relationships to better serve the development of the firm's accounting and management.• Have a "whatever it takes professional attitude!" Quick study on all new tax/compliance regulations/ laws, corporate procedures, updates with GAAP/Financial issues, reduce management risks, increase potential investments, decrease costs of operations, and address any other potential issues.• I feel that I currently and for the past 15 years have provided leadership, guidance, direction, and oversight to the pharmacies' complex financial and business operations in all aspects. Strong intuitive abilities with interpersonal skills, ability to communicate with senior executives, internal/external co-workers, and maintain long term relationships. Strong problem solving skills, sound judgment, timely/accurate decisions, high level of integrity, stability, and dependability. Personal health regime on a daily basis!• Real Estate - Property management approximately 12 years' experience with Lan Bentsen Interests - Houston, TX., Kilday Development, Inc. - Houston, TX, First Choice Homes - Jackson, MI. and Northwest Realty Company, Inc. - Jackson, MI.SPECIAL ACHIEVEMENTS• Certificate of Personal Finance Baker College 1997• Certificate of Corporate/Individual Federal Tax Baker College 2003EDUCATIONPh.D. in Metaphysics in Specializing in ParapsychologyIMM - Sedona, AZ 2011 to 2013MBA in Accounting/Finance/TaxBaker College - Jackson, MI 2010BA in Accounting/Finance/TaxBaker College - Jackson, MI 2005AS in AccountingBaker College - Jackson, MI 2003Administration/BusinessNorthwest High School - Jackson, MIADDITIONAL INFORMATION Computer Skills:• Accounting Software: IBM 36 Custom Mgmt. Software for Real Estate Joint Ventures, (Apartment projects, lease up, rents, commercial strip centers, Construction projects, etc.), AS400, Peachtree V7, and Quick Books Pro V14• Microsoft: Ultimate Word Office 2007, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Notebook, Works, Outlook, Lotus 123, Internet Explorer 8, Mozilla Firefox, etc.• Database Software: Fox pro, Access, etc.• Miscellaneous Software: Turbo Tax 04 - 11, Corel WordPerfect, Quattro Pro, NetMeeting, SPSS, etc. • MIS/MIT systems (Design and install systems).• Quick self-study on any new system/programs.