Sebastian BolesDesert Hot Springs, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sebastian-Boles/5375b817929f5b45WORK EXPERIENCECashier/BackroomTarget - Palm Springs, CA - January 2015 to PresentResponsibilitiesOperate cash register, straighten the sales floor keeping the store neat. Stocking the store with our product. Help keep the store clean and presentable.AccomplishmentsLearning and understanding the customers needs. Selling warranties and offering services (ex:Target credit card), providing excellent customer service. Getting positive remarks on customer service review cards, operated as one of the fastest sales floor and cashier employee.Skills UsedOperating cash register,various sales floor work. Use pallet jacks, attentiveness to detail and the speed I worked at. Being alert to any customer needs that might arise.Sales Associate/BackroomKmart - Desert Hot Springs, CA - September 2014 to January 2015ResponsibilitiesOperate cash register, straighten the sales floor keeping the store neat. Stocking the store with our product. Help keep the store clean and presentable. Help customers locate items in the store, be alert to any and all customer needs. Answer the phones.AccomplishmentsLearning and understanding the customers needs. Selling warranties and offering services (ex:Kmart/Sears credit card), providing excellent customer service. Getting positive remarks on customer service review cards, operated as one of the fastest sales floor and cashier employee.Skills UsedOperating cash register,various sales floor work. Use pallet jacks, attentiveness to detail and the speed I worked at. Being alert to any customer needs that might arise.Target Team MemberTarget - Palm Springs, CA - September 2013 to October 2014ResponsibilitiesOperate cash register, straighten the sales floor keeping the store neat. Stocking the store with our product. Help keep the store clean and presentable. Help customers locate items in the store.AccomplishmentsLearning and understanding the customers needs. Selling warranties and offering services (ex:Target credit card), providing excellent customer service. Getting positive remarks on customer service review cards, operated as one of the fastest sales floor and cashier employee.￼Skills UsedOperating cash register,various sales floor work. Use pallet jacks, attentiveness to detail and the speed I worked at. Being alert to any customer needs that might arise.EDUCATIONDiploma in High SchoolCathedral City High School - Cathedral City, CA 2007 to 2011