SHAMBAVI AWeb Developer - RAZR MarketingMinneapolis, MN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/SHAMBAVI-A/27922b1705f9d158SHAMBAVIPhone: +1-315- 203-2105Email: myjob.search16@outlook.comSUMMARY• 6+ years of Experience as a Software Engineer providing customizations and development work to Oracle ERP modules like Oracle Project Accounting and Oracle Time Labor.• Experience in complete software life cycle involving Analysis, Design, Development, Testing and Implementation of web based applications.• Strong hands on the development of Web based Client/Server and Multi-tier applications using technologies like Classic VB.NET, XML, HTML, CSS, JQuery and JavaScript.• Strong experience as a Content Admin and Content Contributor in Content Management system.• Strong experience in installing, configuring and administering WebSphere Application Server, WebSphere Application Server - Network Deployment and WebSphere Portal Server.• Strong hands on experience in administering and supporting WebSphere portal, Websphere AppServer, jboss and Apache servers.• Strong programming skills in SQL, PL/SQL, perl scripting, Bash scripting, Jython scripting.• Passed the 1Z0-051-ENU Oracle Database 11g: SQL Fundamentals I examination.• Knowledge in creating Stored Procedures and Triggers using Transact-SQL of MS SQL Server.• Knowledge in debugging tools provided by Firefox, Chrome and IE.• Good at Object Oriented Programming.• Learning Ruby on Rails installation, configuration and development• Highly motivated with Excellent Communication skills and adaptive. Has the ability to grasp things quickly and possess excellent interpersonal, technical and communication skills.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperRAZR Marketing - Minneapolis, MN - October 2014 to PresentEnvironment: PHP, HTML, CSS, JQuery and Angular JS Browsers: IE8.0, Chrome, Firefox.Contribution: As one of the web developers in RAZR Marketing, I was involved in a project called Friar. The project is meant for development of a website to calculate Reward points for various suppliers like Sears, Best Buy, Orbitz etc. The data is in the form of JSON object supplied by LMP backend (third party software) and the data is interpreted in the front end using PHP which is finally displayed using HTML5, CSS, jquery and Angular JS. The entire model is called as the Factory model (Raw data from stores, added to cart and the result is the final product).Responsibilities:• I worked with Business Analyst to determine and design requirements of new and enhanced features. This involves studying the BRD document.• I provided website design and development in the presentation and application layers.￼• I worked with other team member to shape overall product directions and decisions.• I provided troubleshooting the development related problems for better stability of the product.Web Developer/Analyst/AdminLCI - Minneapolis-Saint Paul, MN - September 2012 to August 2014 Environment: Websphere portal, Websphere Application Server, Apache Server.Contribution: I worked for 3M, Maplewood, MN client as a web master. I provided day-to-day administration of both the internet and intranet websites which uses above environment and also ensure proper functioning and availability of various Java applications.• As an admin, I wrote scripts in PERL, JYTHON, jboss-cli for JVM configuration.• I installed Websphere portal (both ND and standalone version) and also Websphere Application Server.• I configured datasources in the websphere deployment manager administrative console used for the particular application.• I recycled the application servers in both the Websphere and Jboss environments for reflecting the changes carried out in the application side and also during server reboots.• I published the .ear (Enterprise Archive) and .war (Web Archive) files via both admin console and automated scripts.• I maintained health check page for the above environment written in PHP, javascript which pulls the data from Oracle database. It involves automated Bash scripting to forward the data from one server to another server. • My work involved 24 x 7 support of these environments.• I performed server administration and administrative work on a daily basis.Web Developer/Web Content ManagementSTS - Minneapolis-Saint Paul, MN - October 2010 to July 2012Environment: Websphere portal, Fatwire Content Server, HTML, CSS, Javascript, IE 8.0, Firefox.Contribution: As a developer or web content manager, I was involved in replications, maintenance, development and redesign of corporate websites. I also performed Quality Assurance testing of various websites before and during the launch according to the standards defined. I also perform portal management of the websites.• The content is managed using a Fatwire content server.• Websphere portal provides various kinds of portlets like content portlets, db portlets etc. The data is mainly rendered using these portlets.• The testing of the website was carried in all of the major browsers like Chrome, IE8, Firefox.DeveloperUniversity of Missouri - August 2009 to August 2009Aug 2009Development Environment: Dot Net, DGREW tool, Linux.Contribution: One of the requirements in the management of Sensor Networks is to identify the problematic sensors quickly. I have proposed the use of dynamic subgraph mining algorithm earlier developed by Borgwardt et. al. in this to identify the problematic sensors effectively and quickly.Data generation for this work was carried out by a tool developed in DotNet. The dynamic subgraph mining algorithm was carried out by DGREW tool. I used both these tools in my work and formatted the work in Linux environment.Software Engineer/Oracle Applications SupportKeane - Bangalore, Karnataka - May 2005 to July 2006Development Environment: Oracle - SQL, PL/SQL, Toad, Forms and Reports.Contribution: As an Oracle Applications development team member, gave real time customizations and provided real time solutions on Oracle ERP systems modules like Project Accounting and Oracle Time Labor.We solve the Service Requests by providing real time solutions. (Writing stored procedures, functions and PSP). The document management solution provides a centralized repository for creating and sorting all case related documents.DeveloperDevelopment Environment: PSP (PL/SQL server pages), HTML, CSS and JavaScript.Contribution: Actively involved in the development of a project named CA meal. This project was undertaken by Unisys for the Government of California to document the breaks given to California Hourly employees.Removal of additive noise from digital images using derivative based fuzzy filter and neuro-fuzzy filter. 2005Development Environment: Java.Contribution: Digital images are prone to a variety of noises. Efficient removal of noise from image data is of key importance in most image processing applications. A neurofuzzy filter is implemented in this project for the reduction of additive noise from the corrupted images and it is compared with conventional fuzzy filter. Neuro- fuzzy filter employs winner-take-all strategy to compute the winner pixel in a block of image and calculates the threshold parameter for homogeneity principle. The final images are having the PSNR value in the range 25-35 dBs with neuro-fuzzy filter.EDUCATIONBachelor in Computer Science and EngineeringAnna University 2006 to 2007Master in Computer ScienceUniversity of Missouri - Kansas City, MO 2006 to 2007Master of Science in Computer ScienceUniversity of Missouri - Kansas City, MOresearchUniversity of Missouri - Kansas City, MOADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL EXPERTISEArea of specialization: Database Management Systems (DB related).Oracle: Oracle 8i, Oracle 9i, Oracle 11G, Oracle Apps (Reports & Forms). Languages: C, C++, HTML, CSS, SQL, PL/SQL, VB 6.0Java-related: Java2 (Core Java), JDBC, WebSphere Application Server and ND version, WebSphere Portal, JBOSS.Scripting: Javascript, PSP, Perl, Jacl, Jython (Java + Python), Dojo, jboss-cli, PHP MS office: MS Word, MS Excel, PowerPoint.Operating Systems: UNIX/LINUX and Windows platforms.Tools: Toad, Visual Source Safe, Git, PL/SQL developer, Source Tree, Eclipse, Firebug. Web Technologies: HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, Angular JS, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, PHP. Others: PSP (PL/SQL Server Pages), MS SQL Server, Fatwire Content Server,JSON and Lotus Notes.