Shane BlumeWeb Developer - Tiny House Web DevelopmentGrandville, MI - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shane-Blume/798b7a74d3ea2099WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperTiny House Web Development - November 2014 to PresentUsing C# .NET along with Visual Studio, IIS, and SQL Server Management Studio for new and existing web application development.• Applying Agile software development practices for teamed project planning and assessment with an emphasis onDisciplined Agile Delivery.• Utilizing Git version control to ensure that projects are functional in multiple environments.Web DeveloperMulti Serve Inc - March 2014 to PresentUsing PHP, MySql, and Apache in a full stack development role.• Converting a large, existing business application into a custom MVC pattern for increased readability and future ease of use.• Regularly assessing user needs, along with presenting and discussing these needs within a small development team to build a better user experience and to assist in meeting business goals.• Implementing responsive design principals using Twitter Bootstrap and various other tools to adhere to modern webstandards.Customer ServiceFifth Third Bank - March 2012 to March 2014Resolved customer issues and concerns in a professional environment,• Assisted in educating and informing customers in bank specific and general financial practices. • Specialized in installment and mortgage loan management.EDUCATIONAssociates in Science in Science and ArtsGrand Rapids Community CollegebusinessGrand Rapids Community CollegeADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCreative, dynamic web developer with extensive experience in both client-side and server-side programming. Experiencetaking products from concept to launch as well as updating and maintaining existing, large-scale applications. Ability to work￼with staff at all levels within a business structure to determine application needs and opportunities for improvement. Use of agrowing tool set that includes multiple languages [PHP, C# .NET, JavaScript, MySQL], products [Visual Studio, Notepad++,IIS, Apache], and practices [Agile development, Git version control, MVC patterns].