Shannon BeaversMBA - Business Management and StrategyGallatin, TN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shannon-Beavers/2c8d73235caf2dbfWORK EXPERIENCEMBA - Business Management and StrategyWESTERN GOVERNORS UNIVERSITY - Salt Lake City, UT - 2012 to 2014Pursued intensive education to prepare for successful career in business and marketing leadership. Plan and execute independent and group projects on organizational management, risk analysis, market expansion, finance and business development.Key Achievements:• Performed special projects for local businesses, and presented solutions to CEOs and Board of Directors to drive revenue, profits and market growth.• Managed complex business project (simulation) and recommend specific strategies thatincreased EPS by 1070%, ROE by 444%, customer base from 223M to 562M and stockprice by 1095%.• Compiled and interpreted analytics, and proposed solutions to improve performance related to supply management, marketing, production and sales.• Led group project that surpassed competition through process redesign, productdifferentiation, cost reductions and expanding marketability.Freelance ConsultantINDEPENDENT CLIENTS - Hendersonville, TN - 2010 to 2014Managed design and formatting projects for independent clients, including non-profit organizations and language translators. Coordinated all stages of project planning and execution for on-time, on- budget and on-target results.Operations ManagerADVERSI - Gallatin, TN - 2007 to 2011Provided vision, insight and direction for creative advertising and marketing firm serving corporateclients. Consulted with decision-makers to assess needs, present solutions and manage projects from concept through execution. Supervised employees and freelancers. Controlled budgets and accounting functions. Set goals, defined priorities and monitored performance.EDUCATIONMBA in Business Management and StrategyWESTERN GOVERNORS UNIVERSITY - Salt Lake City, UT April 2014BFA in Graphic DesignSAVANNAH COLLEGE OF ART & DESIGN - Savannah, GA 2003￼ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnical Proficiencies:Windows and Mac OS, Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Access, Adobe InDesign, Photoshop and other applications