Sharoon Romail Manager Finance and SupportSpringfield, VA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sharoon-Romail/d3ceb601aa55572eTo work at a position that enables me to utilize my creative and acquired skills and knowledge to work in the field of finance with a result oriented company where my services and education will be utilized towards professional growth and advancement.WORK EXPERIENCEManager Finance and SupportFirstStep Communications - February 2013 to May 2014Responsible for developing and implementing financial and administrative procedures such as payroll, bookkeeping, insurance, budget and cost control, personnel policies, accounting functions, contracts and control procedures, security of facility, prepare financial reports as well as analytical reports, recruitment, training and development of staff, liaising with managerial staff and other colleagues and ensure timely payments to suppliers.Assistant ManagerShort Stack Limited Uk - October 2010 to December 2012Managing day to day operations, cash handling, inventory management, banking, weekly and monthly sales reporting, product sales and promotions and handling deliveries. Hiring, Training and coaching the staff at different stores.Business Analytics ExecutiveTouchstone Communications - June 2008 to February 2010Business Intelligence at Touchstone Communications (www.touchstonebpo.com)Managing Financial and Non-Financial Data, Profitability analysis, Productivity and efficiency analysis. Investigate enterprise data with easy to use analytical techniques such as pivot, v-lookups, sorting, prompting, report filtering. Maping performance of different projects in hand on Daily, Weekly and Monthly basis.To prepare comparison reports in order to track the revenue and profitability trends.Customer Sales RepresentativeTouchstone Communications - September 2006 to May 2008www.touchstonebpo.com)Managing inbound and Outbound Calls for clients. Dialed for US, Canadian and Australian based companies. Worked for Nationstar Mortgage, Home Loan Bank, Aames Home Loan, Home Funds Direct, Ocean Capital (Business Loans), Canadian Home Improvement.Training & CoachingEDUCATIONMBA in FinanceInternational Islamic University Islamabad June 2007BBA in Business Administration￼International Islamic University Islamabad May 2006ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSOFTWARE SKILLS Advanced Excel, Word, QuickBooks, Peachtree, Sage and introduction to Oracle R12.