Sheetal Shah Software Developer - Infogix INC- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sheetal-Shah/c8bb4d3b3281a89a✓ Software developer with 7.5+ years of experience in all phases of SDLC, focusing on conceptualizing business needs and translating them into viable technical solutions.✓ Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist (MCTS: Microsoft .NET Framework 4, Web Applications Development)✓ Over 2 years of Experience in working as a Team Leader.✓ Experience in System Analysis, Design, Development & Implementation with Microsoft Technologies like .Net framework 1.1/ 2.0/3.5/4.0, C#, VB.Net, ASP.Net, ADO.net, VB 6.0, MS SQL Server 2000/2005/2008, MS Access and also working with SAP Sybase Database.✓ Proficient in Web Services, HTML, AJAX, JavaScript, jQuery, vbscript SOAP, CSS, XML, WCF, Linq.✓ Experience with WebMethods development.✓ Expertise in developing Windows applications, Web applications, windows services and web services, Windows Forms, Web Forms in Microsoft Visual Studio .Net IDE and also involved in Deployment.✓ Extensively worked with designing GUI using ASP.net with MVC design pattern.✓ Experience in Client/server Application, Web Development and n-tier UI applications.✓ Extensive experience in SQL Server Database design, Database maintenance, performance and tuning, SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services), SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services).✓ Performed ETL processes using SSIS tool of MS SQL Server 2005/2008. Worked on remote use of Linked servers, FTP, SQL Server Agent Job, Windows task Scheduler, Performance Tuning, Indexes, Database maintenance, bug tracking and resolve, Red Gate tool.✓ Expert in developing T-SQL queries, stored procedures, User-defined functions [UDF], triggers, Scripts.✓ Hands-on experience in Data Migration.✓ Proficient in SSRS and Crystal Reports 9 using with all the mentioned technologies and generating reports with Sub-Reports.✓ Proficient in debugging an application using the debugging tools provided by the Visual Studio.Net IDE.✓ Experience in UI designing (User Interface Designing).✓ Experience in Troubleshooting and Technical Problem Solving.✓ Interaction with Manager, Team members and having direct client interaction.✓ Providing technical support to the client and solving customer queries.✓ Proficient in software testing like Unit testing, Regression testing, Integration testing, System testing etc.. ✓ Scheduling tasks according to the deadline and successfully met those project Deadlines.✓ Good Knowledge of UML Diagrams and Use Test Cases.✓ Effective in working independently and collaboratively in teams.• Technical Skills:Programming Languages: C, C++, COBOL.Microsoft Technologies: C#, VB.NET, ASP.NET, Visual Basic 6.0.Scripting: HTML, DHTML, JavaScript, VBScript, ASP, Ajax, XMLWeb Servers: IIS 5.0, IIS 6.0Database Systems: MS SQL server-2000/2005/2008, Oracle 8i, MS Access. Environments: MS Visual Studio .NET framework 1.1/2.0/3.5.Web Development Tools: Micromedia Dreamweaver MX, Microsoft Office Front Page, Adobe PhotoshopPlatforms: Windows XP/2K/NT, Windows 2003 Server, UNIX, Linux￼Version Control: Visual SourceSafe(VSS), TortoiseSVN Others: Office XP/2003, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Project , Ms Word, Ms Excel, Ms PowerPointWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperInfogix INC - Chicago, IL - January 2014 to PresentNGEN:Business Need Summary: The project is designed to help HCSC identify and prioritize areas of risk within its Financial Operations processes, and in turn use that information to recommend controls that would satisfy NAIC MAR audit requirements, reduce costs, and increase operational efficiency.Responsibilities:✓ Developed application using Visual Studio 2010 with .Net Framework 4.✓ Developed web based application with ASP.Net, C# using MVC design pattern and SQL Server 2008 database.✓ Involved in requirement gathering phase. Held meetings with HCSC business people to identify and gather requirements on sub-systems, sub-processes and interfaces in Financial Operations processes.✓ Prepared and updated requirement, design, data modeling, and process flow documents.✓ Developed use cases, activity diagrams and sequence diagrams for a clear understanding of the vision document.✓ Written code for database connectivity and data binding using ADO.Net.✓ Wrote complex SQL Queries and stored procedures in SQL Server 2008 to sort data and analyse the large set of data during project life cycle.✓ Involved in creating tables, indexes, views and triggers.✓ Developed four different types of automated controls for each identified interface to validate and notify HCSC of information integrity issues within RMAS Fin Ops process.✓ Developed File Monitoring control. This control is responsible for detecting when new files are delivered to designated folders.✓ Developed File Capturing control. This control captures the data that will be used in Infogix Assure processing controls.✓ Developed File Processing Control. This control is responsible for implementing checks such as missing and duplicate file check, reasonability check, timeliness check, balancing check, reconciliation check etc.✓ Developed File Reporting Control. This control process and generates reports using Infogix reporting tool: Infogix Insight.Environment & Languages: C#, .NET 4, VS 2010, MVC 4, MS SQL Server 2008,C# .NET DeveloperLawson Products - Chicago, IL - November 2013 to January 2014OrderPad - Label Request:Business Need Summary: The business opportunity is to provide similar planography and label request functionality in the OrderPad system that currently exists in the AOS. These requests direct the distribution center to create planograph, backplates, bin labels, box labels, drawer labels and include them in the shipment. These labeling documents help the sales person organize the parts crib for their customer while professionally organizing and presenting VMI storage solutions.Responsibilities:✓ Developed Label Request system for Order Pad.✓ Built C# .Net UI connected to their SAP Sybase Database.✓ Create a labeling diagram for cabinets as well as bins and are displayed as a two dimensional grid to represent labeling positions for the bin or cabinet. Also Material numbers are entered into the desired label position in the grid indicating the position for the label information.✓ Send Label printing request to WebService via XML and the webservice provides the method to pass all labeling directions to the Print Engine.Environment & Languages: C#, .NET 4.5, VS 2012, SAP Sybase Database, XML, WebServiceMIS-ECCOS DeveloperWells Fargo - Roanoke, VA - April 2011 to February 2012 SQL Server Developer Roanoke, VARole: MIS-ECCOS Developer Responsibilities:✓ Worked on following projectso STS - ECCOS - Data Migration from STS' Mainframe database to ECCOS' SQL Server DB using SSIS o Peoplesoft Data Refactoringo Beeblebrox maintenanceo Handled bugs and defects.✓ Performed ETL processes using SSIS tool of MS SQL Server 2008.✓ Worked on remote use of Linked servers, FTP, SQL Server Agent Job, Windows task Scheduler, Performance Tuning, Indexes, RDP (Remote Desktop Connection), Database maintenance, bug tracking and resolve.✓ Maintained SSRS Reports.✓ Extensively used Red Gate tool.✓ Worked with SSMS Query Analyzer, Tuning Advisor. Understanding of Query Execution Plans.✓ Worked with maintenance, back-up and restore of databases using SQL Server 2008.✓ Version controlled by TortoiseSVN source control software.✓ Used Oracle SQL Developer tool.Environment & Languages: VS 2010, MS SQL Server 2008, SSIS, SSRS, SSMS, Microsoft Visio, Windows XP.C# .Net Technical ConsultantMetroHealth Systems - Cleveland, OH - October 2010 to January 2011Physician - Patient Care: MetroHealth System is one of the largest, most comprehensive health care providers in Northeast Ohio, serving the medical needs of the Greater Cleveland community for nearly 170 years. More than 500 primary care and specialty care physicians practice within the MetroHealth System. An intranet web portal is developed, which allows the physicians to provide efficient, effective care to patients affected with chronic diseases. Using the portal, physicians can access medical records and recent test results of patient.Role: C# .Net ProgrammerResponsibilities:✓ Development of Intranet site was done using ASP.net 3.5 and C#.✓ Developed the front end and middle tier business components and Web Forms with Framework using C#.Net, ASP.Net 3.5, JavaScript, AJAX and Visual Studio 2005.✓ Data Grid was used extensively to display various SQL Server elements.✓ Designed, implemented the Web Services.✓ Wrote Stored Procedures, Functions and triggers to perform DB activities , to generate Reports.✓ Responsibilities were expanded to focus on Software testing like Unit testing, Integration testing etc..✓ Worked with security, maintenance, back-up and restore of databases using SQL Server 2005.✓ Developed and Implemented new feedback system for users concerns, bugs, and defect tracking regarding use and functionality of new interfaces.✓ Extensively used version control tool Visual SourceSafeEnvironment & Languages: ASP.Net 3.5, C#, MS SQL Server 2005, XML, JavaScript, Ajax, VS 2005, ADO .net, IIS 6.0, Visual SourceSafe, SSRS, Microsoft Visio, Windows XP.Senior SoftwareImage Computer Systems Pvt. Ltd - Mumbai, Maharashtra - September 2006 to January 2010 developer Mumbai, India Worked on the following projects:Ladder ERP and CRM: The System built for one of the biggest Electrical contractor in India and this is an ERP to maintain smooth flow of their Business activities. Completely web based application and having modules like Focus plan, Tender, Payroll, Financial Accounting, Stores management etc..Role: Team leader and Sr. Software DeveloperResponsibilities:✓ Mentoring and Training as a Team leader✓ Provide necessary information to team members.✓ Scheduling task according the deadline and successfully met it.✓ Interaction with manager to provide status reports.✓ Successfully performed Data Migration✓ Created Web Forms in C# using ASP.NET 3.5 and MVC design pattern.✓ Worked with security, maintenance, back-up and restore of databases using SQL Server 2005.✓ Wrote Stored Procedures, Functions and triggers to perform DB activities, to generate Reports and to make group calculations possible in reports.✓ Contributions included Requirements Analysis, Interface Design, Development, Implementation, Deployment and working with end users to ensure objectives were met.✓ Active participation in Unit Testing of the application to ensure quality.✓ Interacted with client on weekly basis and helped them achieving their goals.✓ Developed and Implemented new feedback system for users concerns, bugs, and defect tracking regarding use and functionality of new interfaces.✓ Version controlled by Visual SourceSafeEnvironment & Languages: ASP.Net 3.5, MVC 2, C#, VS 2005, ADO .net, MS SQL Server 2005, SSRS, JavaScript, Ajax, Visual SourceSafe, Windows XP.Library Management System: The System is complete library automation solution for both school and public libraries. The system manages Multiple Media like Books, Tapes, Videos, Records, CDs, DVDs, and Newspapers & Magazines. Includes various transactions like Purchase, Accession , Issue & Return, Book binding, multiple book bindings, Membership termination, Physical Stock Entry, damaged-Loss-Misplaced entries, Calculating/Managing Fine if overdue etc. , Various kind of reports and powerful searching capabilities. Role: Sr. Software DeveloperResponsibilities:✓ Involved with each phase of Development life-cycle including requirement gathering, analysis, planning, designing, implementing, testing, deployment and documenting the system.✓ Developed Window-based Application with Windows Forms using VS.Net framework 2.0, C# and SQL Server 2005 as a back-end.✓ Created re-usable custom controls✓ Unit testing, System testing and made test cases.✓ Visited Client place to present and explain project and to solve their queries.✓ Designed and Implemented reports using crystal report.Environment & Languages: .Net 2.0, C#, VS 2005, ADO .net, MS SQL Server 2005, SSRS, Windows XP.SEWInventory Management System: The System is to maintain smooth flow of inventory activities in the Company, that identifies inventory requirements, set targets, provide replenishment techniques and report actual and projected inventory status. Handles Functions like PO, Tender Items Entry, Bill Passing, Site Issue/ Return, Site to Site Transfer, long Delivery, Debit Note, Godown to Godown Transfer etc., Various kind of reports like Stock Ledger, Party bill Register, Sitewise Bill Register, Dead Stock, Tools Valuation etc.,Role: Software DeveloperResponsibilities:✓ Coding and development of Windows Forms with Visual Basic 6.0.✓ Direct Client interaction to explain functionality, to gather feedback and solve their queries.✓ Designed and Implemented reports using crystal report.✓ Reports developed with Storedprocedures and function using SQL Server 2000.✓ Performed Testing.✓ Installation & Configuration.✓ Troubleshooting.✓ Worked with security, maintenance, back-up and restore of databases.✓ Changes requested by client.Environment & Languages: Visual Basic 6.0, MS SQL Server 2000, MS Access, Crystal report, MS Excel, Windows XPSoftware ProgrammerGateway Infocity Pvt. Ltd - Ahmedabad, Gujarat - January 2006 to June 2006 Ahmedabad, IndiaAcademic Management System: Gateway Infocity is the exclusive AuthorizedEDUCATIONMaster in Computer ApplicationsGujarat UniversityBachelor of Commerce in AccountingGujarat University