Shericka BrantleyUS - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shericka-Brantley/bdbd19d840c8562fA highly motivated network technician that is looking forward to utilizing and expanding upon current skills in the forever changing IT field. With five years total of experience in the IT industry, skills vary from basic network problem solving to advance troubleshooting techniques. Currently active duty military with a contract ending date of August 2, 2015.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork Administrator- May 2013 to PresentServed as tier two administrator for the DODIIS domain and currently serving as a domain administrator for the Pacific AOR. Primary job includes day to day administration and maintenance of Active Directory and Exchange Server 2010. Currently manages the configurations of one Windows Server 2008 R2 file server, eleven voice over IP phones, five desktop video teleconference devices, five Cisco 2960 switches, seven 3900 series routers, one Linux Red Hat workstation, and over 50 Microsoft Windows 7 professional workstations. In charge of scheduling and troubleshooting two SIP video teleconference systems, as well as providing various SharePoint services to current department.Awards-3 Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal-1 Good Conduct MedalEnlisted Information Dominance Warfare Specialist (EIDWS) Enlisted Surface Warfare Specialist (ESWS)StudentTraining Support Center - San Diego, CA - December 2012 to April 2013Course provided students with configuration management, system management, and performance management skills for the information technology infrastructure. System administrators learned knowledge in the various fields of network security, Cisco routing protocols and concepts, Windows server 2003, and Microsoft Exchange. Class honor graduate out of 22 students with a GPA of 93.82.Task Force 72, Misawa/Kadena/ Atsugi, JapanHost Based Security System Administrator, AprilATO's and IATOs - November 2012 to November 2012Responsibilities included the management and assurance of file transfers across four network enclaves, supervision of a computer incident response team of four junior personnel, investigative procedures of malicious shipboard activity, forensic analysis of malware infected devices and legal situations onboard. As CND supervisor other responsibilities included vulnerability scanning and remediation with Retina Vulnerability Scanner, Patch deployment and remediation with Windows Server Update Services (WSUS), network password auditing of user accounts, network virus definition updates via Symantec, and ensuring shipboard systems Authority-To-Operate and Interim-Authority-To-Operate (ATO's and IATOs) certification and accreditation marks were met.USS Blue Ridge LCC19, Yokosuka, Japan￼Host Based Security System Administrator, April 2011 - November 2012As the Computer Network Defense-Operating System Environment (CNDOSE) primary server administrator, responsibilities included the management and assurance of the VMware 4.1 Unix server that housed three virtual servers. The suite included the HBSS virtual server that housed the 4.5 version ePO centralized server. As the HBSS administrator the primary job included tuning of HBSS firewall, application blocking, DLP, HIPS, and many other policies. Ensuring agents were deployed to correct and needed systems. Management of asset baseline monitor (ABM) for change management procedures to the network baseline. Monitoring of the Host IPS logs for suspect intrusion and the management of ePO updates from DISA were installed to system daily.Computer Network Defense SupervisorUSS Blue Ridge LCC19 - April 2011 to November 2012Shipboard Non-tactical Automated Data Processing (SNAP) III Server AdministratorUSS Blue Ridge LCC19 - December 2010 to April 2011Duties were to manage and ensure three critical shipboard servers and their applications were available and accessible to the shipboard crew. The Navy Information Application Product Suite (NIAPS) server, a Windows 2003 server that housed a SQL Server 2005 database, the shipboard intranet page via Microsoft SharePoint, and four shared maintenance third party applications for shipboard upkeep procedures. The Naval Tactical Command Support System (NTCSS) server, a Unix HP-UX server that housed maintenance, a supply, and an administration application used by shipboard personal. Server required daily backups and maintenance procedures. The Navy Standard Integrated Personnel System (NSIPS) server, a Windows 2003 server with the main purpose of providing off-ship replication to shore entities for electronic record updates of shipboard personnel.Helpdesk TechnicianUSS Blue Ridge LCC19 - November 2009 to December 2010Primary responsibilities were to respond to basic network related trouble calls onboard the USS Blue Ridge. A variety of instances include, troubleshooting local and network printers, installing third party software, installing third party drivers, troubleshooting basic Microsoft office issues, creating CAT-5 straight thru and cross over cables, setting up over 200 NIPR and SIPR workstations, and setting up over 30 CENTRIX thin client workstations. As a backup operator, responsibilities include setting up and configuring Backup Executive 2010 on a total of 15 Integrated Shipboard Network System servers.EDUCATIONB.S. in Space StudiesAmerican Military University - Charles Town, WV 2015A.A. in Science and MathematicsCoastline Community College - Fountain Valley, CA 2011ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Key QualificationsTop Secret Clearance Troubleshooting Help Desk Support Security Management Servers NetworkingLeadership Information Assurance