Shweta Gupta Software Developer - KrogerCincinnati, OH - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shweta-Gupta/cb04870bd9e8bc59-• 6 years of Java / Web development in several industries and projects on Cross Platform (web based application and client server application) development and design using Object Oriented Programming, Java / J2EE technologies.• Extensive experience in the Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation and Testing of enterprise applications with web technologies, distributed technologies and client-server architecture environment.• Well versed with Sun/Oracle J2ee Technologies, Servlets, JSP, Java Threads, Java Beans, JDBC, JNDI, and MVC.• Proficient in using J2EE Frameworks: Struts2, Web Services, Hibernate and Spring Technologies.• Experienced in various application servers like Tomcat, Glassfish and IBM Websphere server.• Expertise in Web-Development technologies like HTML, DHTML, JDBC, JavaScript, CSS, XML and AJAX and Jquery.• Extensive experience and excellent expertise in Java based server-side high-performance, highly-available applications development.• Experience implementing, unit testing, debugging and integrating code of moderate complexity.• Good understanding of RDBMS.• Knowledge of RESTful and SOAP webservices.• Experience in data processing and Interfacing (Back-end Front-end connectivity) skills using Oracle 9i/10g/11g (SQL, Stored procedures), and MySQL.• Experience in developing PL/SQL, Stored Procedures, Triggers on Oracle Databases.• Extensive experience with Eclipse.• Good knowledge of database connectivity (JDBC) for databases like Oracle, MySQL, MS Access.• Hands-on experience with design patterns like Dependency injection, Singleton, Domain Object, DAO, Session Façade, Intercepting filters, Factory pattern, Service Locator, Front Controller, Command pattern, MVC.• Experience in writing the ANT Scripts, MAVEN and UNIX Scripts for building and deploying the working enterprise application.• Involved in writing Unit Test Cases and having good knowledge in JUnit.• Experience with versioning tools like Subversion and CVS, GIT.• Involved in designing, developing and implementing new functionalities and customization of UI Components, including both back-end and front-end parts (JSP's) and creating User Documentation for the business functionalities developed.￼• Expertise with software engineering practices such as UML Modeling and performing Use case analysis and Refactoring.• Fast learning capability and ability to adapt to new and changing technologies.• Has been involved in client interaction and requirement gathering and handling clients to provide offshore/ onsite development support• Highly motivated self-starter with Excellent Communication, Presentation and Problem Solving Skills and committed to learning new technologies.• Ability to work under pressure and manage (Multiple) project tasks with changing priorities and tight deadlines and can work either independently or as a part of a team.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperKroger - Cincinnati, OH - December 2014 to PresentDesigned to be handle at General Office and divisions level of kroger which controls the store's templates and fuel price.• Designed various modules for different authorization level• Designed Pallate and UI for creating a template for touchscreen and FPM using HTML, JAVA, JSP, Ext JS • Developed different modules as to create a template, assign a template to stores and update a template• Validating application at each level using Javascript• Developed modules for making a price change at site level or at group level• Involved in designing the architecture for the project• Developed the user interface modules and designed the front-end web pages using a combination of JSP, Servlets, HTML and JavaScript• Developed DAO classes and wrote sql queries to get data from database on Oracle 10gSenior Java DeveloperDuke Energy - Charlotte, NC - January 2013 to November 2013As part of the Agile team worked on estimate releases, tasks with development manager and allocated work for development and testing team.• Involved in designing the architecture for the project using Struts Framework and Hibernate.• Develop the web application using Struts, JSP, HTML, Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) and JavaScript Implemented the application using J2EE design patterns like Struts, Singleton, DAO (Data Access Object), DTO (Data Transfer Object)• Template development for a Java based search platform using JSP/JSTL.• Implementation and designed applications, user interfaces (UI), websites and e-newsletters using cross- browser compatible HTML & CSS, Ext JS 4.0• Extensively used the Tomcat Server for application development and production.• Involved in unit testing, system integration testing and enterprise user testing• Interacted with the client for gathering the requirements during design, development and implementation phases.• Implemented MVC architecture using Struts Framework, Coding involves writing Action Classes/Custom Tag Libraries, JSP.• Developed the user interface modules and designed the front-end web pages using a combination of JSP, Servlets, HTML and JavaScript.• Extensively used Core Java, Servlets, and JDBC• Developed ER and UML diagrams for all the design, and documented all the process flows.• Created the UI interface using JSP, JavaScript's, CSS and HTML.• Developed a web-based application using Java, Servlets, and JDBC where users can enter their daily project updates, query etc. Provided a user Login/Logout functionality too.• Worked on Dependency Injection by using Spring IOC.• Create and unit test intricate client side interactions with jQuery and JavaScript.• Design and Development of Objects using Object Oriented Design in C++• Developed DAO (Using Hibernate) classes and wrote sql queries to get data from database.• Developed Jsps and Java classes for various transactional/ non transactional reports of the system using extensive Sql queries.• Worked as a UAT team member in for the successful launch of application. UAT involved bug fixing during testing, deploying the fixes to the system communication with the offshore team etc.Environment: J2EE, Java1.5, Struts, JSP, Hibernate, Java Mail, C/C++, XML, XSLT, DOM, SAX Parser, Java Beans, JavaScript, CSS, HTML, DHTML, Jquery, Angular JS, MySQL, Tomcat, Apache Ant, J2EE design patterns, Linux, RESTful WebservicesJava DeveloperIndependent Health - Buffalo, NY - October 2012 to January 2013Responsibilities:• Coordinating with client and Team Members to develop the client requirement as per SRS.• Be a part of daily scrum meetings and bi-weekly sprint planning meetings• Conduct Business interviews, gathered requirements, analyzed and documented requirements.• Developing the functionalities which include java /J2EE coding and writing procedures.• Used XML and XML Beans for implementing storage for stations data in XML files. Defined XML schema i.e. XSD for the data structure required and written code for parsing/Writing/modifying the XML Data files.• Writing Test cases using JUnit and doing unit testing of components.• Unit, Integration and System Testing• Maintenance of tags and branches in the SVN for development and releases.• Building the projects and project setup using Maven.• Data Binding using jquery and javascript templating with handlebars js.• Designed, developed and implemented of scientific information access prototype. This client/server based prototype required the use of C++, Java, Sockets and Multithread.• Involved in review the developed modules, testing and functionality check.• Closely monitor the projects and report the progress status to the Team Lead• Designed detailed Class Diagrams and Sequence diagrams for ATV Core modules using Enterprise Architecture tool• Used J2EE design patterns like Session façade, DAO, Service Locator and MVC.• Performed unit testing using JUnit test cases to test the behavior of the coded classes.• Participate in walkthroughs and reviews• Assist the team in system development and testingEnvironment: Java 1.6, MVC Framework, Spring 2.x, Struts2.x, C/C++, Hibernate, REST services, Web serviceWebsphere6.1, Angular JS, JavaScript, Ajax, Jquery, XML, Log4j, HTML, Cascading Style Sheet, JUnit, MS Project, Linux/UnixSoftware DeveloperYKK INDIA PVT. LTD - May 2010 to September 2012Responsbilities:• Defined objectives by analyzing user requirements; envisioning system features and functionality. • Involved in development of system architecture of the entire application (GUI) using UML.• Designed HTML, CSS and Javascript.• Obtained master and transactional data from SAP via standard weekly loads to the data warehouse.• Processed the documents via scripts, into existing tables and are used to calculate cost savings.• Implemented required database structures based on roles and privileges of the users using SQL and created stored procedures.• Involved in development of report generation tool using Java and XML.• Involved in testing the application according to the requirements.• Developed Business logic using C++.• Developed front end screen using C++• Implemented UI security features for approvals and authorizations of the Users.• Developed web components and EJB components and deployed on Application Server.• Developed Java Action classes, business services for the flow of request.• Worked on Struts2 Framework and the development which involved the complete flow from creating Servlets, Action classes, Business Service classes, interacting with DB using Hibernate and to finally present the result on JSPS• Worked on bug fixing in various phases of the project.Environment:Java, J2EE, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Servlets, C/C++, Spring, JUnit, Web Services, OracleSoftware DeveloperBajaj Hindusthan Ltd - Noida, Uttar Pradesh - March 2008 to May 2010Responsibilities:• Worked on the MVC architecture by working on struts 2 Framework.• Developed Java Action classes, Business classes (Acting as Model in MVC), Developing Servlets (Acting as Controller in MVC) and Jsps (Acting as View in MVC)• Developed Web modules & transactional services.• Developed the user interface modules and designed the front-end web pages using a combination of JSP, Servlets, HTML and JavaScript• Worked on Dependency Injection by using Spring IOC. Wrote the Unit test cases for the modules developed. • Tested of the modules developed by self as well as by other team members.• Worked in bug fixing and change requests in UAT i.e. pre deployment and post deployment phases of the project.• Worked on development of various transactional/ non transactional reports of the system using extensive SQL queries and JSPSEnvironment: JSP, Servlet, JavaBeans, Oracle, Java, SQL, C/C++, TOMCAT, Java, J2EE, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Struts, Unix/LinuxADDITIONAL INFORMATION Technical Expertise:Java/J2EE TechnologiesJava1.x (JDBC, Multithreaded Programming, Swing, Socket Programming, JNI, and JMF), J2EE 1.x (EJB, JSP, JSF, Servlets, Java Mail, RMI, WebServices - SOAP, REST Services, JMS, JNDI, LDAP, Struts, Spring 1.2/2.x/3.x, Junit, Log4j, XMLOther Languages C, C++, C Sharp, Python and ASP.netOperating Systems MS Windows 9x/NT/2000/XP/2003 and UnixDatabases Oracle 8i/9i/10g, 11g, MS Access, MS SQL Server 7.0, MySQL, MongoDBFrameworks Struts 1.2.9/2.x, Spring 2.5/3.x, Hibernate 3.1.Application/Web Servers WebSphere 4.0/6.0/6.1, WebLogic 6.2/7.0/8.1/9.2/10.x, JBoss 3.0/4.x, TomCat 5/6.x IDA and Configuration Tools RAD 6.0/7.x, Eclipse 3.2/3.3, MyEclipse7.5/8.6, Toad, SQL Developer, MS Vision, Sencha TouchVersion Control SVNDesign Patterns J2EE Core PatternsWeb Technologies/ProtocolsHTML, JavaScript, JQuery, ExtJS-3.x/4.x, Ajax, XML, Xerces, DOM, Struts, MyEclipse 6.0 Spring, JSF, Cocoon, Custom Tags, WebServices, Cascading Style Sheets, PHP, SMTP, TCP/IP, LDAP, HTTP, and SNMP