Simone Williams Attorney - Roger B. WilliamsCypress, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Simone-Williams/d74ee84f83dcd2ecWORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyRoger B. Williams - Sugar Land, TX - March 2008 to PresentVirtual Administrative AssistantAP and AR - Houston, TX - September 2006 to March 2008Virtual Administrative AssistantType all legal documents including but not limited to Last Will & Testaments, Probate, Divorce and Corporate documents. Bookkeeping duties include AP and AR along with payroll.Paramount Marketing, Inc. - Houston, Texas September 2006 to March 2008￼Office ManagerSouth Coast Construction, Inc -Houston, TexasOctober 2002 to July 2005Houston, TX - October 2002 to July 2005Office ManagerResponsible for five corporate checking accounts including accounts payable and receivable, monthly reconciliations. Bookkeeping duties also entailed payroll, monthly and quarterly payroll tax reporting and payments. Year-end report of 940, 941, 1120, W-2's, etc. Handle insurance policy renewals and audits; 401K plans; bank transfers/wires. Monthly reconciliations of receives from Texas Department of Transportation, City of Houston and other government entities. Responsible for monthly financials and contracts in progress. Enter all job related contracts, change orders, and subcontracts into Timberline software.Senior Executive AssistantMerrill Lynch & Co - Houston, TX - October 1997 to August 2002Assisted Managing Director, Vice President, two Associates and an Analyst with Fortune 500 client marketing presentations, slide show and brochure presentations for various IPO's, debt deals and mergers and acquisitions. Handled all marketing roadshow both international and domestic for clients, extensive travel arrangements, which include obtaining passports, various visas, setting up client meetings at various locations, and coordinate appropriate transportation. Processed all travel and entertainment expenses for all global power and energy clients to perspective deal number assigned. Verified all American Express charges for correct coding for charge off to various clients. Input all conference calls, meeting and entertainment lunches/dinners into Merrill's Intranet for proper client coverage. Assisted with Internet and Intranet searches on prospective and existing clients.Administrative Assistant/Network AdministratorTrione & Gordon-ONCOR International - Houston, TX - December 1996 to October 1997Responsibilities included assisting five brokers with administrative work consisting of typing real estate documents such as leases, letters, mailers and escrow documents; assisting the research department withbuilding calls updating information on the database; creating and updating stacking diagrams on Macintosh; scanning logos and photographs; assisting with the implementation and management of the new automated database and corporate real estate presentation; creating and updating all slide show presentations; detecting and solving network and computer problems; and selecting and installing all new computer software.Senior Administrative AssistantMarnitz and Farris, Miller Commercial - Houston, TX - January 1995 to December 1996Assisted the President and five brokers in heavy creation of presentation packages, creating and updating all Internet pages; and compiling marketing packages for apartments and offices within the greater Houston area and United States.Administrative AssistantHouston Casualty Company - Houston, TX - July 1993 to January 1995Responsibilities included setting up new and current policy files, invoice premiums outstanding and credit due; typing insurance binders and reinsurance binders; following up with clients and brokers for outstanding documentation; entering data on new and revised policies; creating various spreadsheets on distribution of treaties; and creating Lotus and WordPerfect macros for automatic calculation to quicken access to files and to shorten keystrokes for efficiency.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkills: Typing 75 WPM Microsoft Office SABRE Travel Software Adobe Photoshop Harvard Graphics Corel DrawCAPTURE Expense System Quicken Timberline Accounting