Simon Tang Software Developer, C++Quincy, MA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Simon-Tang/565475e9f2b899b6Develop software professionally for three years with various programming languages and libraries after graduating with a Master degree.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperSoftware Secure - Newton, MA - April 2013 to Present• Created a scheduling system and integrate Proctorcam in Go, Javascript, JQuery, and MongoDB.• Created an update client in Go.• Developed cross platform modules for exam proctoring (logging/filtering keystrokes, managing running processes, detecting virtual machine environment, etc.) on Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux in C++ and Objective-C using the operating system’s API (WinAPI, Xlib, Cocoa) and boost.• Created custom browser with Chromium Embedded Framework (CEF) for Windows and Mac OS X.• Created a live video help support and a queuing system using WebRTC(HTML5), PubNub, and Javascript. • Created an audio and video recording application that sends captured images and sound intensity through websockets using OpenCV, portaudio, and libwebsocket.• Maintained cmake build scripts.• Packaged applications as a *.MSI with WiX Toolset and as a *.DMG(Windows, Mac OS X, Unix; C++, Go, cmake, Javascript, Mongo; boost, Qt, WinAPI, Xlib, JQuery, PubNub; git; CEF3, brackets-shell)Cooperative Test Development EngineerTeradyne - North Reading, MA - June 2012 to February 2013• Maintained a GUI application (IG-XL Maintenance) for driving testing equipment to collect measurements and various supporting projects in the verification process in VB6, C#, C++, and Designer on Visual Studio.• Developed a post-processing statistical desktop application (to IG-XL Maintenance) for Windows in C#.• Generated statistical reports and warned engineers of potential problems from the analyses.(WinXP/Win7; C++, C#, VB6; ClearCase, ClearQuest, Visual Studio 2010, Visual Basic 6)Research AssistantUniversity of Massachusetts at Amherst - Amherst, MA - June 2008 to May 2012• Developed a 2D quality mesh generator in C++ for Linux and Mac OS X. This tool takes a 2D model, partitions it into quality triangles, and produces SVG images and MATLAB figures. The project uses OpenCascade framework for modeling and geometrical operations (ex. intersections) on NURBS curves and surfaces.• Maintained a 3D CAD and visualization software in C++ and using OpenCascade, vtk, and Qt frameworks for Linux.• Created a parser in C++ that reads HFSS file format.(Linux, Mac OS X; C++; Qt, vtk, OpenCascade; MATLAB, HFSS, gdb, gprof, Saturn, svn; LaTeX)￼EDUCATIONMaster of Science in Electrical and Computer EngineeringUniversity of Massachusetts at Amherst - Amherst, MA 2009 to 2012Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, MathematicsUniversity of Massachusetts at Amherst - Amherst, MA 2006 to 2009SKILLSC++, C, JAVA, MATLAB, PHP, Javascript, MySQLADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCan speak English and Cantonese. Cannot speak Mandarin.