Skip Berry Attorney - H. Anderson BerryCharlotte, NC - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Skip-Berry/abd00a4d331c9b5eWORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyH. Anderson Berry - June 2011 to Present attorney in private practiceAttorney ConsultantMeridian Title Company - Charlotte, NC - May 2009 to June 2011 title insurance underwritingManager and Underwriting Counsel for Charlotte, NC BranchAttorneys Title - Charlotte, NC - June 2001 to April 2009Title Insurance Company, (formerly CommonwealthLand Title Company of North Carolina)Manager and Underwriting Counsel for Charlotte, NC BranchManaged office staff of three underwriters and marketing representatives.Responsible for title insurance underwriting decisions in connection with issuing title insurance policies for residential and commercial transactions,including, but not limited to, reviewing land surveys and issuing policy endorsements.Responsible for organizing and participating in marketing and business development for local office.Contributor to Company Newsletter. Speaker at Company sponsored seminars.PRIOR TO JUNE 25, 2001Practiced law, primarily in real estate field for a number of years. Worked as a title attorney and closing attorney for all types of residential and commercial real estate transactions. Worked for large and mid sized law firms.EXAMPLES OF WORK EXPERIENCEManaged multi-site, multi-county refinance transaction of more than twenty movie theatre sites throughout North Carolina. Coordinated title examinations with title attorneys across the state. Review of all title insurance policies and endorsements issued.Managed review of title work and issuance of title insurance policy and endorsement in connection with a ninety million dollar refinance of a shopping center located in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina.Served as Escrow Agent for multi-site asset purchase transaction involving national automotive care company. Collated numerous documents from a number of parties and attorneys and distributed them for closing. Also handled leasehold title insurance policies issued in connection with the transaction.Handled funds and documents as escrow agent for numerous transactions, including Internal Revenue Code Section 1031 Exchanges.￼EDUCATIONB.A. in EnglishUniversity of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Chapel Hill, NCJuris Doctor in Law ReviewWashington & Lee University - Lexington, VA