Slade MurphyNetwork Administrator - Information Analysis IncChantilly, VA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Slade-Murphy/3ab58388d5b53e00WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorInformation Analysis Inc - Fairfax, VA - April 2003 to PresentHold multifaceted responsibilities to configure, install and administer network infrastructure. Implement IT policies, which define acceptable use of IT assets within the company. Fulfill administrative responsibilities including: Trouble-shoot networking problems on computers, installs and upgrades computer hardware and software, computer system backup, Help Desk assistance, evaluating problems and resolving hardware and software issues, execute nightly backup on the Dell and mail Server, Manage VRU phone system--phone and email system backup and implement account deactivation and deletion, automatic virus protection updates.Network AdministratorNorris Court - Chantilly, VA - September 2004 to May 2005Chantilly, VA 20151Residence: (703) 631-8943 Email smuurphyjr@verizon.net Mobile (703) 409-5173 )Thruport Technologies, Inc Alexandria, VA,Network Administrator September 2004 - May 2005Implemented hardware infrastructure and monitored the network utilizing our web based tools as well as creating and responding to trouble tickets. Installed and configured software upgrades, Created new users, performed migration, installed hardware, installed and configured protocols. Organized the setup and distribution of computers, software roll outs, and PC hardware upgrades,Deployment TechnicianApex Systems Inc - December 2002 to April 2003Contractor for the Navy Marine Corps Internet Information Strike Force. Implemented hardware and software configuration. Meet with customers to resolve problems on Dell desktop PC/Laptops. Assisted/troubleshooting hardware and software; assisted with integrated IT service delivery requirements.Senior Unix Technology OperatorMotient Corporation - Reston, VA - November 1996 to December 2002Assisted developers' programmers, database administrators, and other users in resolving Unix issues. Provided 24x7 on call support, supporting the entire Unix production environment. Contributed to disaster recovery planning and test exercises. Successfully wrote Unix Shell Scripts. Troubleshooted system problems and resolved user problems. Managed quick-turnaround responses to user account maintenance. Analyzed user and system problems. Performed start-up and shutdown of Unix Systems. Initiated and implemented technical procedures for technical support. Monitored day-to-day Unix Systems operation. Performed daily and monthly billings. capable of designing, recommending, planning, and implementing Unix solutions for business projects. Installed and supported HP-UX and Sun Solaris servers in a production, development, test, and QA environment.TechnicianMobile Satellite Ventures - Reston, VA - July 2002 to September 2002￼Provided proactive technical support to the account support center staff, engineering staff, and senior management for resolution of customer issues. Maintained clear, concise and accurate logs in the network operations center. Monitored and maintained the MSV satellite network voice services systems in the network operations center. Performed preventative and corrective maintenance actions to mitigate and alleviate system faults and enhance overall performance. Generated imaging tapes and performed regular updates and patches on network components. Assisted with the generation of system documentation and diagrams. Assisted with the generation and administering of trouble reports for network related issues for submission to engineering personnel.EDUCATIONComputer NetworkingStrayer University, Manassas CampusADDITIONAL INFORMATIONInformation Technology Operations Management Technical Analysis Systems Integration Network Administrator Multi-Platform Networking Migrations/Upgrades IT Strategy DevelopmentOperating Systems: Microsoft Window 2000 Professional, Microsoft Window XP, Linux, Microsoft Window 95 & 98, Window NT 4.0 Server, Window Vista, Microsoft Window 2003 Server, Window 2007 Server, Window 2008 Server, Window 7 Professional.Networks/Protocols: