Sonal Bauer, MBAManager, Marketing Commercial Strategy - GLAXOSMITHKLINEPhiladelphia, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/1ea66aa407fd3506WORK EXPERIENCEManager, Marketing Commercial StrategyGLAXOSMITHKLINE - Philadelphia, PA - 2014 to Present• Lead expansion and growth for influenza vaccines in largest customer segment, retail pharmacy. Exceeded forecast with $150M in new business, increased market share to 37% and embedded long-term strategic partnership with target customers.• Created business case to fund first quadrivalent consumer campaign and led launch in the adult market. Achieved launch performance targets including increased awareness by 10 percentage points.• Manage supply chain for influenza vaccines, measuring U.S. demand, interfacing with Global teams to secure product for U.S. market, and reporting on key performance indicators.• Developed supply contingency strategy and led execution during supply disruption to protect $125M+ in business and maintain customer value metrics.• Drive cross-matrix business improvement efforts, identifying key opportunities to improve customer experience.Manager, U.S. Influenza Channel OperationsGLAXOSMITHKLINE - Philadelphia, PA - 2012 to 2014• Managed customer order and delivery processes, responsible for 35 processes across diverse, 10K customer base. Sold out of supply in 2012 with 100% increase in year over year in-season sales for total of $260M.• Oversaw launch of 2 influenza vaccines, which doubled portfolio sales in 2013 and exceeded forecast by $100M.• Provided leadership and management to direct report on deliverables including reporting on business performance and systems training guide.• Led Business Improvement workshop with 30 matrix stakeholders for review of 100+ processes, resulting in improvements in 5 critical areas within 7 months.• Nominated for top talent development with completion of Emerging Leadership Development (ELD) program and Accelerated Delivery Program (ADP) certification for business improvement.MBA Intern, U.S. Pharmaceutical StrategyGLAXOSMITHKLINE - Philadelphia, PA - 2011 to 2012• Developed enterprise tool to identify and drive strategic commercial partnership with launch in pilot program. • Facilitated quarterly reporting of 100+ performance measures across 40 U.S. teams. Delivered dashboard with enterprise insights and calls-to-action for Leadership Team.MBA Intern, Department of Radiation OncologyTHOMAS JEFFERSON UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL - Philadelphia, PA - 2010 to 2011• Produced physician referral dashboard that synthesized 5,000+ patient referrals over three-year period to support marketing recommendations.• Composed content for new website to foster engagement and provide a comprehensive patient resource.Senior Analyst, Strategy & AnalyticsDIGITAS HEALTH - Philadelphia, PA - 2008 to 2010￼• Managed strategy and analytics function for global agency that specializes in healthcare advertising solutions.• Supervised 10-member team serving seven brands, including $2B Symbicort, to develop client performance reporting across web assets and media campaigns. Reports provided strategic insights through analysis of paid search, display media, organic search, offline tactics (TV, coupons), and overall web performance.• Collaborated with creative and media operations team to develop digital marketing strategy for AstraZeneca respiratory portfolio. Strategy delivered on goals with 25% lift in web traffic and reduced cost per click by -35%. • Partnered with McKesson to implement and measure Propecia's online coupon registrations and pharmacy redemptions over two-year period to gauge conversion and adherence to therapy.Marketing & Sales ManagerDELPHIC SAGE - Philadelphia, PA - 2007 to 2008• Developed marketing campaigns for web development firm that provided content management and website solutions for fourteen client roster, with extensive use of digital/online and print tactics.• Secured $125K in new business through launch of integrated marketing campaign.EDUCATIONMaster of Business AdministrationTEMPLE UNIVERSITY, Fox School of Business - Philadelphia, PABachelor of Business AdministrationEMORY UNIVERSITY, Goizueta Business School - Atlanta, GA