Sonali SambheraoWeb Developer - Entrepreneurship Lab (eLab), Pace UniversityJersey City, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sonali-Sambherao/40bceb9ff478fad9Graduate student obtaining an MS in Information Systems. Possess excellent communication skills and experience in web and software development.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperEntrepreneurship Lab (eLab), Pace University - New York, NY - October 2014 to PresentCreate, update and maintain content on the eLab website based in Drupal• Designed and created a media guide page for an Israeli entrepreneurship initiative section using bootstrap grids and CSS 3.Software DeveloperInfinite Computing Systems Pvt. Ltd - Mumbai, Maharashtra - April 2012 to June 2014Developed and updated Consultant Management System "SPEED" which was built using entity Framework and Three tier architecture.• Created floating save and cancel button panel on the Consultant details page using JavaScript, HTML, CSS and implemented form validations on DevExpress Form controls using JavaScript.• Created and updated SQL stored procedures, performed unit testing and validated user scenarios for the "SPEED" project.• Wrote detailed release plans and release notes for the "SPEED" project.• Installed DNN on the development server using IIS 7 and created skins and containers for the DNN sites using HTML and CSS and developed DNN sites on the production server and uploaded files to the server using FireFtp.• Implemented JQuery slider for Aurorahousing.org and JQuery Popup with two buttons on click of menu for Parkermerchant.com website built in DNN• Created a shopping cart feature on the site using Smith Cart module and integrated online payment using PayPal gateway in shop.forceamerica.com site built in DNN.• Conducted complete DNN trainings covering installation, user roles and permissions, modules, content editing, skin and container development for onsite and offshore teams.PROJECTS: Webcam Based Attendance System• Developed a Webcam Based Attendance System using Scan line Algorithm for Image processing.• Utilized SQL for database implementation and C#.Net for programming.Cultural SecretaryEngineering & Research Center - 2009 to 2009Adroit State Level Paper Presentation Competition, Event Head LANGUAGES: English, Hindi, MarathiEDUCATIONBachelors of Science in Information TechnologyS.N.D College of Engineering and Research Center, Pune University - Pune, Maharashtra May 2011￼Master of Science in Information SystemsPace University - New York, NYADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLS: Programming Languages HTML, CSS, JavaScript, C#, C, C ++ Content Management Systems DotNetNuke (DNN), Joomla, WordPress, Drupal Other MS Office Word, ExcelOperating Systems Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8Database related Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2, SQL.