Stephen EidmanRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Stephen-Eidman/d876ec24a2b13d0f To obtain a challenging position utilizing my skills and experiencesWORK EXPERIENCEFood Preparation/cleanerPellegrino - Rochester, NY - 2014 to PresentPrepare of sub dealing directly with customers.• Prepare vegetables and meat cleaning, cuting, portion size and rolling of meat for line to sever customer.SalesLas Vegas, NV - 2010 to 2013Sales of time share working directly with customers. Successfully introduce profitable lines of creative sales marketing.• Coordinated extensive marketing and merchandising functions.• Outstanding selling and closing capabilities with proven track record.CarpenterMass'a Remolding - Rochester, NY - 2000 to 2010Framing of additions and homes remolding of kitchen and bathrooms.• All phase of commercial and residential work and repair of all types roofing, sheds, drywall, countertops, painting, textured ceiling, insulation, grouting of tiles some electrical and zoning and safety laws.PlumberMakays Plumbing - Rochester, NY - 1993 to 2000Repair faucets, shower, tubs, toilets and sink.• Replacement pvc piping and drains. Cleaning of drains. Also soldering of copper fitting and piping.SupervisorWegman Market - Rochester, NY - 1990 to 1992Experienced supervisor. supervising of large numbers of people.• Cleaning of floors, moping, stripping, waxing and work in several departments meat, floral, baker y, products and video department and stock of shelves.Building Maintenancestemple brithkodesh - Brighton, NJ - 1988 to 1990Temple Birth Kodesh Rochester, NewYork• Cleaning of floors vacuuming of rugs set-up for banquets and bar mitzvahs Maintained large commercial building.Cleaner-project crewEastman Kodak - 1980 to 1987 Rochester, Newyork￼• Experienced in cleaning and stripping of several departments .Darkroom, furniture, fixtures, large film machines, conference rooms, hallways, meat, floral, bakey, products and video department. Shampoo of carpets in conference room, hallways and offices. Stocking of shelves and maintaining floor machine. Refinshing of floors in a industrial parkEDUCATIONhigh school diploma in mathgreece athene - Rochester, NY 1976 to 1979SKILLS• All phase of commercial and residential work and repair of all typesADDITIONAL INFORMATIONEMPLOYMENT SKILLS: Organized, Supervisory Experience, Experienced Team Player