Susan ScrantonMarlborough, MA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Susan-Scranton/15ccd616b3d2abc0WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyAttorney Susan Schack - 1998 to PresentSolo Practitioner licensed in Massachusetts. Represented clients in civil and criminal matters including but not limited to; real estate, personal injury, discrimination, business, contract, entertainment, consumer protection, bankruptcy and family law. Notary Public.TeacherSpringfield, MA and Hartford, CT public schools - Springfield, MA - 2002 to 2012MA and Hartford, CT public schools. As middle school educator taught ancient world and United States History for four years. In six years at the high school level taught AP Economics, Law, Finance, Sociology, Media, World and United States History. Students taught ranged from 7 to 12 grade, inclusion special education to talented and gifted. Participated in Teaching American History and Advanced Placement professional developmentRealtorMassachusetts and Connecticut - Longmeadow, MA - 1996 to 2000Represented Buyers, Sellers, and as dual agent. Consultant for non-profit housing agency community wide projects.Grant WriterResponses to Requests - 1990 to 1998for Proposal Funded as independent contractor, for a total $1.3 million for homelessness prevention, AIDS awareness, non-profit collaboration and anti-poverty programs in western Mass. from private and local, regional, state and federal public funding sources.Director/MediatorLandlord Tenant Services - Pittsfield, MA - 1986 to 1990Represented agency on area human service non-profit organization Boards of Directors, report to funding sources and regulators. State certified mediator presiding on over 250 housing issue mediations. Counsel and educate Landlords and Tenants regarding rights and responsibilities.Elder Service Coordinator/Consumer AdvocatePeabody, MA - 1984 to 1986Admissions AdministratorAcute Psychiatric Intake - Boston, MA - 1981 to 1984Conducted admission of patients including medical, insurance, demographic and inter-hospital factors for diverse patient population in 1,178 bed acute care hospital. Performed initial intake, registration and pre- treatment monitoring in Acute Psychiatric Service division of Emergency Service. Both positions held at Massachuttes General Hospital in Boston.￼EDUCATIONJuris DoctorateWestern New England University School of Law 1998Bachelor of Science in Mass CommunicationCollege of Communications, Boston University 1983