Swati JainMy present focus is on leveraging my MBA training and technical acumen to shift into a more business-focused opportunity.Irvine, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Swati-Jain/7d45e1301b9e87acI am seeking an opportunity which will use my strengths to the fullest. Areas as QA Manager, Operations Manager, General Manager track in a manufacturing or related industry. I have worked as a QA Engineer with Fortune 500 companies in semiconductor manufacturing for over 10 years now which helped me build soft skills and innate project management skills. I am completing MBA in June and some of the key skills honed during MBA was working in teams, managing people, critical thinking, finance and accounting basics, negotiation, strategic communication, soft interpersonal skills especially written and verbal communication. My key strengths are strong analytical mind, problem solver, positive attitude, team player, good teaching/ coaching abilities, resourceful, highly persuasive, efficient, organized, ability to manage multiple competing priorities, ability to draw well-integrated conclusions from insights and analyses, self-motivated, proactive, excellent written and communication skills, expert in excel, MS Office. I am skilled at working in a fast pace ambiguous environment. Articulate and proactive, I am skilled in working across various engineering groups and leadership levels to drive cohesive, quality processes.Authorized to work in the US for any employerWORK EXPERIENCEMBA Intern, Finance Leadership ProgramHEWLETT PACKARD - Palo Alto, CA - June 2014 to August 2014• Participated in a cross-functional project team focused on implementing a companywide program that improves cash flow.• Drove improvement in DPO forecasting process after gaining a comprehensive understanding of the metrics and its drivers. Shadowed month end closing process for quarter end Days Payable Outstanding (DPO) results and forecasting.• Led payment term cleanup of 10 component suppliers leading to a $100M improvement of working capital for the company. Gained understanding of 13 different payment systems and specialized in one of the tools used to pull relevant financial data.Senior Quality and Reliability EngineerSEMTECH CORPORATION - Irvine, CA - August 2010 to February 2014• Set-up and run the ongoing reliability test (ORT) program for qualified products including but not limited to sorting, testing, monitoring and data reporting on timely basis. This also includes creating customer approved procedure documents, pass/fail specs, shift analysis, and any failure analysis or gap closure on quality issues. • Served as advocate/coordinator to resolve any Customer returns (RMA). This involved working closely with cross functional teams like design engineer, product engineer, FA Tech to understand root cause of fail, be able to communicate the fail mode to customers, and document 8D report and followup on corrective actions with suppliers, foundry, operations as necessary within target timelines of closure.• Published in the Journal of Microelectronics and Electronics Packaging (2014) 11, 75-79 "Moisture and Hydrogen Release in Optoelectronic Hermetic Packages - M. Albarghouti, N. El Dahdah, G. Perosevic, S. Jain" Highlighted a root cause hypothesis and DOE results related to a customer quality issue.• Certified Quality Engineer (American Society of Quality).Quality and Reliability Engineer￼INTEL CORPORATION - Chandler, AZ - May 2005 to May 2010• Responsible for reliability risk assessments for advanced packaging technologies via FMEA; design and execution of accelerated life testing experiments, certification strategies, statistical analysis of reliability data and use condition predictions. Oversaw development activities across multiple geographies and worked across a broad customer base.• Recipient of Intel’s prestigious TMG Excellence award in 2007 for innovations in packaging to achieve a $2.6 billion package, assembly and test savings.• Recipient of Intel’s prestigious TMG Excellence award in 2008 for advancing Intel Environmental Leadership through certifying World’s 1st LF compatible Halogen-Free FC Packaging.• TMG Excellence award in 2009 for rapid development and implementation of up-front 3% shrink process in P1268• Multiple Goody Drawer awards from customers and peers for helpful responses to many requests for data and clarifying information, meeting customer expectations on time and with high quality. Recognition to maintain track record of paying attention to details,meeting commitments and delivering solid output through diligence and hard work.ADDENDUMPublications - 2005 to 2005• Temperature Dependent Hall Measurements on CdGeAs2. 1999 MRS Fall Meeting.A.J. Ptak, S. Jain, K.T Stevens, T.H. Myers, P.G. Schunemann, S.D. Setzler and T.M. Pollak • Electric field tuning of the Bragg peak in non-close-packed TiO2 inverse shell opals, E. Graugnard, J.S. King, S. Jain, and C.J. Summers, Physical Review B 72, 233105 (2005).• Liquid-Crystals for Tunable Photonic Crystals, Frequency Selective Surfaces and Negative Index Material Development, E. Graugnard, J.S. King, S. Jain, C.J. Summers. Mol. Crystal. Liq. Cryst. Vol. 453, pp 309-319 (2006)• Enhanced tunable Bragg diffraction in large-pore inverse opals using dual-frequency liquid crystal, E. Graugnard, S. N. Dunham, J. S. King, D. Lorang, S. Jain, and C. J. Summers, Applied Physics Letters 91 (2007)• Moisture and Hydrogen Release in Optoelectronic Hermetic Packages - M. Albarghouti, N. El Dahdah, G. Perosevic, S. Jain. Journal of Microelectronics and Electronics Packaging 11, pp 75-79 (2014).EDUCATIONMBA in Business AdministrationThe Paul Merge School of Business, University of California Irvine - Irvine, CA 2013 to 2015Master of Science in Electrical and Computer EngineeringGeogia Institute of Technology - Atlanta, GA 2001 to 2005Master of Science in PhysicsWest Virginia University - Morgantown, WV 1998 to 2001Master of Science in PhysicsIndian Institute of Technology - Mumbai, Maharashtra 1995 to 1997SKILLSCertified Quality Engineer, MS Office, Excellent written and communication skills, Interpersonal skills, Class 10 cleanroom training, Certificate in Microelectronics Packaging.LINKS http://www.linkedin.com/in/swatijain2ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONLink to my Masters Thesis at West Virginia University, Department of Physics. Photoluminescence Study of Cadmium Zinc Telluride. http://etd.wvu.edu/templates/showETD.cfm?recnum=1876￼