Swetha TaduruWeb Developer - WhiteSpace CreativeParma Heights, OH - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Swetha-Taduru/79557c841b1a1606• Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist with 4+ years of professional experience in all stages of SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) involving studying of the user requirements, analyzing, designing, coding, implementation, debugging, testing, deployment and documentation• Good hands on knowledge of OOPS (Object Oriented Programming Structure) and Agile methodology.• Experience with Logi Analytics for Reporting.• Hands on experience with Telerik products and Sitefinity.• Hands on technology experience of designing and developing software applications with Microsoft .NET Framework 1.0/1.1/2.0/3.0/3.5 using C#, and ASP.NET• Extensive experience with Web technologies like ASP.NET, HTML, ASP, XML, and JavaScript.• Experience using tools such as Visual Studio.Net 2003/2005/2008 and VPN.• Proficiency in Visual Studio 2010.• Sound knowledge of several DESIGN PATTERNS like Singleton, Factory and ASP.NET MVC.• Extensive experience in creating rich content Web-Forms, Win-Forms (Windows Forms), Web User Controls, Custom Control, Server Controls, Windows Service and Web Service.• Extensive experience in web-based page and site designs using HTML, CSS, Themes, Master Pages, Site Map, JavaScript and AJAX.• Hands on experience with SQL Server 2000, 2005 & 2008.• Extensively worked on writing Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, Views and Database Design.• Migration of classic ASP applications to ASP.Net and C#, MS Access to SQL Server.• Very good Team player, Self-motivated, hardworking professional with good organizational, leadership, interpersonal and communication skills.• Quick learner and adapt quickly to any new situation/changes and work pro-actively towards meeting deadlines is my forte.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperWhiteSpace Creative - Akron, OH - June 2014 to PresentAs a Web Developer, I am responsible in working with multiple applications using different tools.• Designed and Developed applications using ASP.NET and MVC 4.• Developed the applications using all the advanced tools of • Used CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) in ASP.Net pages.• Created User Controls and Custom Controls for common purpose in the whole applicationProgrammer AnalystCase Western Reserve University - Cleveland, OH - October 2011 to October 2013As a Programmer Analyst, I am responsible in working for the Admissions office at the • School of Medicine. • My main responsibilities include but not limited to:• Developed web applications and provide training on custom-made software's being used in the SOM and Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine.• Designed programming applications for client/server architecture and make recommendations for system improvements and enhancements.• Developed and maintained web applications in support of the SOM admissions office.￼• Analyzed on information stored in the database.• Analyze and define system scope and objectives through research of customer needs and resolve customer issues.• Administered the web and SQL servers which support the office's mission.• Designed, code, test, debug, modify and document complex systems requiring thorough knowledge of the business application.• Designed and developed the web forms using ASP.Net 3.5.• Used CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) in ASP.Net pages.• Created User Controls and Custom Controls for common purpose in the whole application.• Used ASP.Net web server controls like Grid View and Data List for displaying the records.• Used Java Script for client side validations.• Created different business classes and interfaces using .Net Framework 3.5 with Object Oriented Programming Methodology.• Used the AJAX tools like Update Panel etc. for partial post back.• Involved in Database diagram design and Tables design in SQL Server.• Created Stored Procedures, Views, Triggers and Complex T-SQL queries in SQL Server.• Involved in the Build and Release activities.• Facilitated problem solving and collaboration.• Help keep the team focused and on track.• Provide status reporting of team activities against the program plan or schedule.Programmer AnalystCase Western Reserve University - Cleveland, OH - September 2009 to October 2011As a Programmer Analyst, I am responsible in working for the Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics at Case Western Reserve University.• My main responsibilities include.• Implementation of the SAGE (Statistical Analysis for Genetic Epidemiology) GUI Interface in C#• Implemented the code in such a way that S.A.G.E runs on the variety of platforms like Linux, Windows, Solaris and MAC.• Provided the User Interface for the users who are working on the complete set of the S.A.G.E programs like PEDINFO, FCOR , SEGREG etc.• Used SQL database and python to implement some of the backend programming• Responsible for analysis, design, implementation, management and maintenance of full software development life-cycle (SDLC) project.• Analyzing, maintaining and developing Application including new and existing custom-database and Internet- related systems used to support business goals.• Worked with business analyst to gather system requirements.• Created system design/implementation and recommend improvements in areas such as flexibility, maintainability, scalability and performance.• Involved in the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) for designing, development phase and testing of the System.• Created the own Controls library with infragistics controls.• Designed Interface Prototyping, Interface Flow Diagram, GUI Class Diagram.• Worked with the team for analyzing the requirements and to design the business rules as per the business requirements.• Used VSS for source control, data collection, reporting and project tracking.• Used Data Set, Data View and Data Adapter to manipulate and display the data.• Used Win-Forms to Develop GUI in C#.Net for the IPF3 application.• Involved in Database diagram design and Tables design in SQL Server.• Created Stored Procedures, Views, Triggers and Complex T-SQL queries in SQL Server. • Trained team member on enhancing the application and implementing coding standards. • Involved in Unit Testing for entire application, documented the User ManualSoftware EngineerIformata Communications - Dayton, OH - April 2009 to August 2009As a Software Engineer, I was responsible in requirement gatherings , designing , implementation and Testing. • Responsible for analysis, design, implementation, management and maintenance of full software development life-cycle (SDLC) project.• Involved in Analysis and Designing and also developed the whole prototype of the application.• Responsible for implementing and hosting the Web Services.• Development of component classes in C# encapsulating the business logic with strict adherence to Object Oriented Paradigms.• Designed and developed the complete front-end application using ASP.Net with C# as code behind for the internal processing.• Used CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) in ASP.Net pages.• Created User Controls and Custom Controls for common purpose in the whole application.• Used Java Script for Client side validations.• Also, applied validation controls for validation the Web forms for the UI using ASP.Net.• Involved in Database diagram design and Tables design in SQL Server.• Created Stored Procedures, Views, Triggers and Complex T-SQL queries in SQL Server.• Responsible for using the XML for outbound communication with the third party registries like Authorize.Net for Credit Card Payment.• Used the Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services to displaying the data in reports form.• Involved in the development and execution of unit test cases.• Onsite deployment and integration along with enhancement fulfillment.SharePoint Administrator / DeveloperBlue Cross Blue Shield - Baltimore, MD - September 2008 to April 2009As a SharePoint Developer, I was responsible for designing and implementing portal solution for customers using Microsoft SharePoint Portal Services and Microsoft Office SharePoint Services• Most of the SharePoint 2007 customizing was done in VS.Net 2005/2008 platform using C# /ASP.net programming language I was involved implementing various modules such as Office from Services, Document, and Web Content Management and Search Indexing.• The project involved in the creation and customization of sites and areas based on the Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007 and Windows SharePoint Services sites architecture.• Created and Installed Search Feature enabled by developing an ASPX page using Visual Studio 2008/C#/ ASP.net that will be deployed as a feature to the SharePoint farm.• When enabled within a specific site that feature will add a link to the site which will allow the crawler to find the Search ASPX page.• Installed and activated features, developed and maintained additional features in SharePoint 2007.• Worked with SQL Server 2005.• Designed and implemented SharePoint Document Collaboration Solution team site.• Designed and implemented Data View Web Parts, Data Driven SharePoint based Web Sites displaying data that is pulled from Microsoft SQL Server DB• Configured and maintained Document libraries, Form libraries, Lists & created Custom Views.• Configuring User Authentication to applications and security configurations.• Involved in Testing, Validating, Enhancing & Deploying Custom Web Parts.• Ensured appropriate permissions are set and Portal is available to desired audiences.• Provided Technical Support to end-users and resolved day-to-day issues regarding SharePoint usage. • Provided day-to-day administration and support for existing SharePoint portal solution.• Involved in Daily monitoring, troubleshooting, and performance analysis of the system.• Configured and maintained document libraries, lists, and WSS site collections.• Responsible for responding to end-user questions, concerns, and requests from the Help Desk.• Responsible for Adding/changing/removing users and user permissions, adding permissions for users on various sites, updating content, changing navigation, creating/modifying/restoring SharePoint Portal Sites and Windows SharePoint Services sites.• Employed Cascading Style sheets (CSS) for website presentation.Application DeveloperSmart Solutions, Inc - Cleveland, OH - May 2008 to September 2008Created design documents , technical specifications - UML Diagrams. • Created multi-tier architecture for the application.• Created Web Pages using Master Pages.• Used skin and Themes for the design of web pages.• Programmed Data Access Layer using ADO.NET which involved in accessing data from database using Connected Architecture which required the strong OOPS concepts.• Using Java Script , HTML , DHTML , IIS and CSS for developing Web Pages.• Created Complex queries and Stored Procedures.EDUCATIONMaster of Computer ScienceCleveland State University - Cleveland, OHADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILL SET:Computer Languages: C, C++, Java, C#, SQL.Web Technologies: ASP.NET, HTML, XML, CSS, Flash, WebServer side scripting: JavaScript, PHP, JSP, AJAX.Macromedia Tools: Dream Weaver MX, Flash MX.UML Tools: Rational Rose, MS Visio.Image Editing Tools: Photoshop CS.Databases: MS ACCESS, MySQL, SQL Server 2000/2005.Servers: Apache Tomcat, IIS 5.x/6.0, Window Server 2003. Development Platform: Eclipse, Visual Studio 2003, 2005, 2008. Operating Systems: Windows NT/XP/Vista, Windows Server 2005/2008. Office Tools: MS-Office 97/2000/2003/2007.CERTICATIONS:Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist in Developing and Implementing Windows based application with MS .Net Framework 2.0.Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist (MCTS) - SharePoint Server Application Development.Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist (MCTS) - SQL Server 2005.Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist (MCTS - Developing and Implementing Web based application with MS .Net Framework 2.0.