Sydney WhiteNetwork Administrator - AccessOnTime Language and LogisticsWinter Springs, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sydney-White/ea10c5af9a04bfb2WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorAccessOnTime Language and Logistics - Lake Mary, FL - January 2013 to PresentMaintain highly available network, server, client and mobile voice and data systems for the enterprise under the direction of the Senior Director of Technology.Primary Responsibilities:! Monitoring, installation, configuration and proactive maintenance of enterprise networks and networking devices including Cisco and Juniper switching and routing equipment, cabling andpatching for all network locations including data center and network, server and client endpoints! Monitoring, installation, configuration and proactive maintenance of enterprise server hardware and applications including Windows Server, VMware, Debian, Active Directory, DFS, IIS, SQLServer and enterprises email and fax.! Monitoring, installation, configuration, imaging and proactive maintenance of enterprise Windows workstations.! Client and cloud-based application installation, configuration and support including MicrosoftOffice and remote support tools.! Monitoring, installation, configuration and proactive maintenance of enterprise voice, voicerecordings and mobile systems including Cisco devices, Broadsoft systems and Apple andSamsung mobile devices.! Monitoring and proactive account management for enterprise voice and mobile systems serviceproviders and related devices.! Monitoring, installation, setup, configuration and proactive maintenance of enterprise securitysystems including physical security systems, video surveillance, account management, datasecurity and integrity including file share security, Group Policy, backup and redundant systems,server and client antivirus, anti-malware and intrusion detection and prevention systems.! Troubleshooting and resolving desk side support issues involving PC hardware, software,applications, printers, scanners and faxing devices.! Managing all enterprise domains, DNS DHCP, TCP/IP and IP addressing schemas.! Documenting all projects, tasks, issues and steps to reproduce issue isolation and resolution.! Maintaining clean and well-ordered spaces where technology equipment is placed, racked,stored, assembled, configured or tested.! Managing efficient Help Desk flow, including rapid identification and resolution of technologyrequests and prompt, courteous responses to all parties requesting support.EDUCATIONA.S. in Computer Information TechnologyValencia Community College - Orlando, FL 2009Technology￼Front Range Community College - Westminster, CO 2001 to 2004High School DiplomaCharlotte High School - Punta Gorda, FL 2001