Sylvia Ngo Attorney - ELLIOTT LAW FIRMHouston, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sylvia-Ngo/3b99d3d92a707acdWORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyELLIOTT LAW FIRM - October 2013 to Presentn• In a lawsuit involving patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret issues, cross-examined four defendants at trial, and conducted the charge conference in federal court. Attended the case's pretrial conference and argued pre-trial motions.Wrote and responded to motions for summary judgment and all pre-trial documents including the joint pretrial order,motions in limine, objections to exhibits, and trial briefs.AttorneyVETHAN LAW FIRM - October 2011 to October 2013n• Obtained an order granting bill of review, reversing a four-year default judgment. When the matter proceeded to trial, was the first chair attorney at the bench trial, handling breach of contract and negligence issues. Presented opening statement, crossedexamined and directed all witnesses, and delivered closing statement. Wrote all pre- and post- trial briefs. Favorable judgmentwas later affirmed on appeal.n• Second chair associate in a two-day arbitration, representing client against a national financial institution in a breach of contract matter. Cross examined the corporate representative and conducted opening and closing statements.n• Second chair attorney in a testamentary will contest suit. Favorable settlement was obtained on the fourth day of trial.n• Sole associate in a software copyright infringement lawsuit. Wrote two motions to exclude expert testimony and argued same at Daubert hearing; wrote motion for summary judgment on infringement claim. Summary judgment on liability was granted and both experts were excluded from testifying at trial.n• Sole associate in a FLSA overtime lawsuit against an Inc. 500 "Top 10" company.n• Managed and participated in a variety of litigation matters including fiduciary duty issues, FLSA, probate litigation, trademarkinfringement, DTPA, non-competition clauses, TTAB litigation, and trade secrets.n• Experienced in state and federal motion practice including arguing motions for summary judgment, other dispositivemotions, and various discovery motions.Contract AttorneyGAUTHIER - March 2011 to October 2011n• Managed docket of commercial policyholder cases for damages exceeding five million dollars; assisted firm in recovery of over one million dollars in attorneys' fees.Briefing AttorneyHON. LARRY WEIMAN - November 2010 to March 2011￼n• Managed the weekly submission docket including conducting independent research on relevant case law and statutes,advising Judge Weiman on rulings, and writing corresponding briefs and trial memoranda.n• Observed and assisted Judge Weiman in presiding over fifteen jury and bench trials, including assisting with evidentiaryissues, jury charges, and pre- and post- trial motions.Judicial InternHON. KATHLEEN STONE, PROBATE COURT - August 2009 to May 2010EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Biological SciencesUNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA November 2010Juris DoctorateUNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON LAW CENTER May 2010