Talitha Tan Pro Bono LawyerNew York, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Talitha-Tan/eedf49a134db13e6WORK EXPERIENCEPro Bono LawyerCARA Welfare Philippines - January 2013 to June 2014Handled and drafted pleadings and demand letters for animal abuse and cruelty cases.Junior AssociateAÑOVER AÑOVER SAN DIEGO & PRIMAVERA LAW OFFICES, Muntinlupa City, Philippines Diego, CA - December 2012 to June 2014- San￼Drafted comments to petitions for certiorari for labor cases. Wrote position papers for labor cases for the employers or companies. Assigned as case monitor for all labor cases of the largest private cooperative in the Philippines.Wrote appeal briefs and appeared before the administrative court for criminal, civil and labor cases. Drafted pleadings and appeared in court for criminal and civil litigation cases such as rape, and collections of debt. Preparedaffidavits of witnesses for labor, criminal and administrative cases. Wrote complaints against undesirable foreigners in the Philippines that were submitted to the Bureau of Immigration and Deportation. Prepared contracts for amining company for acquisition of majority shares of a foreign investor. Wrote articles of incorporation and by- laws for several domestic companies. Drafted demand letters and rendered formal legal opinion on labor and criminal cases for corporate clients. Prepared a demand letter addressed to one of the largest casinos in the Philippines for tortious conduct. Drafted pleadings for administrative cases filed against the Philippine National Police, Criminal Investigation and Detection Group. Appointed as an attorney for a suspect arrested without a warrant by the Criminal Investigation and Detection Group for irregularities in the performance of her duties as abank manager for one of the largest banks in the Philippines.Election LawyerUNITED NATIONALIST ALLIANCE POLITICAL PARTY, Philippines - May 2013 to May 2013May 2013Present during the canvassing to protect the votes of the political party and protest invalid or disqualified voters.InternATENEO LEGAL SERVICES CLINIC, Makati City - June 2010 to March 2011Interviewed and assessed cases of indigents or those without means to pay for a private lawyer. Drafted pleadings for their cases under the guidance of a supervising lawyer, mostly criminal.InternANTHONY GENUINO - May 2010 to May 2010May 2010Election Intern, present during the voting and canvassing of votes for Mayor of Los Baños, LagunaInternBATILLER DAVID LEABRES & REYES, Makati City - April 2010 to May 2010 Legal research and drafted legal opinions for corporate clients.EDUCATIONATENEO LAW SCHOOL April 2012Masters of LawsNEW YORK UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF LAW - New York, NYSKILLSPleading drafting, appeals, legal research, legal opinion