Tamika KingSoftware Developer - NextGen HealthcareLithonia, GA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tamika-King/a5521ccda51d8ee2WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperNextGen Healthcare - Atlanta, GA - February 2014 to PresentProvide application support, including troubleshooting of Practice Management (EPM) and EHR products using MS SQL Server and Visual Studio .NET framework (C#, VB.NET).• Design, develop, and deliver software solutions per requirements and committed schedules.• Develop flexible software solutions that fulfill current and changing requirements.• Record, track, and provide resolution of application system and data issues while delivering high quality and timely responses to service and support inquiries.• Test and debug existing applications.• Produce detailed technical specifications based on requirements and design.• Work with Source control system and Defect tracking system.• Analyze and help resolve software related issues from customer support team and recommend solutions.Developer Support AnalystNextGen Healthcare - Atlanta, GA - January 2013 to February 2014Run SQL queries and scripts, altering as needed, to resolve customer issues with data integrity caused by product issues, interface issues, or integration with 3rd party products.• Developed a program using C# and Windows forms for Nextgen Support that will make troubleshooting more effective and efficient.• Inspect production code to determine cause of issue and recommend solutions.• Debug and step through source code using Microsoft Visual Studio 2010.• Assist developers with NextGen stored procedures and code tables.• Interact with remote users to diagnose and troubleshoot general and custom software and technical problems within the Nextgen application.• Track, monitor, and create company defects related to Nextgen applications using HP Quality Center.• Member of Root Cause analysis team for EPM/Data Maintenance issues for clients such as WellStar, Piedmont, Hanger, etc.R&D CoordinatorNextGen Healthcare - Atlanta, GA - May 2012 to January 2013Exposed to all phases of the application development lifecycle while performing various development support and release management activities.• Delegates tasks to developers, and supervises the progress made.• Responsible for coordinating development review of support incidents or problems from NextGen Support. • Responsible for monthly code backups and distribution to QSI.• Assist Developer Support Analyst with Data Integrity errors.(StandbyTalent), Web Content AdministratorThe Weather Channel - Atlanta, GA - March 2012 to May 2012 Assisted Lifestyle Product Managers with content migration into new CMS.￼• Scrubbed data and verified content before distributing content for weather.com.• Gathered XML data and transferred content into system.• Developed website content and page layouts in Percussion.• Performed quality control on content and layout after publishing to testing server. • Optimized images and published files in asset management system.Information Technology InternshipThe Georgia Aquarium - Atlanta, GA - January 2011 to March 2012Maintained desktop and laptop systems.• Provided support with end user software issues.• Assisted with configuring communications equipment.Help Desk AnalystManpower - Atlanta, GA - June 2006 to August 2010Provided web base and administrative technical support to IBM Business Partners regarding questions on a particular IBM Offering, software, membership levels, or URL supported through Partner World Contact Services.• Responsible for Database Management: merging, updating, inactivation, and reactivation of Business Partner records.• Reviewed desktop procedures that require feedback submittal and updates to assure that information is kept current.• Processed and validated new, active, and individual registrations.• Handled and logged all incoming calls from IBM Business Partners.• Participated in the testing of new and upcoming software that will be used by IBM employees and Business Partners.EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Computer Information SystemsDevry University - Atlanta, GA June 2010SKILLSWindows XP-Windows 7, Microsoft Office, Lotus Notes, Database Management, Java, C++, Cobol, C#, Visual