Tanmay PatelWeb Developer - Gannon UniversityErie, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tanmay-Patel/f5ef28d21455cf01✓ Extensive programming knowledge ✓ Adaptability ✓ Project management ✓ Good communication skills ✓ Debugging and analysis ✓ Quick learner✓ Curiosity to implement new challengesWORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperGannon University - January 2015 to PresentJan 2015 - CurrentDepartment: Criminal Justice Department at Gannon UniversityProject: PHP Website.Domain: -Role: Web DeveloperTechnology and Tools: PHP, JQuery, JavaScript, CSS.APIS: Google API, USPS API, GeoCoding APIClients have a .csv files that contain thousands of records related to crime with address but he doesn't have zip code. His current software is paid and provides very slow output. He also want to arrange crimes year wise and by crime wise so that he can map to Crime Mapping Tool.Role and Responsibility:• Import .csv file, read and arrange crime data.• Arrange crime data category wise and export .csv files dynamically.• Search for the zip code by the available free APIs on the internet and provide output.Web DeveloperGannon University - July 2014 to PresentJuly 2014 to currentProject: Word press Website (Currently going on).Domain: http://nussprocedure.journeybegins.net/Role: Web DeveloperTechnology and Tools: PHP, Word press, JQuery, JavaScript, CSS.This client wants Word Press website that he can update, edit, delete banners, photos and videos. He selected a template and my task is to configure it and make changes according to client requirements.Role and Responsibility:• Creating website and configure client selected template and make changes.• Import videos and change photos from Word Press.• Import Contact US form in to the word press.Research Assistant/ Web DeveloperGannon University - April 2014 to PresentTechnology and Tools: PHP, MySql, JQuery, AngularJS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, PhoneGap￼It is a Mobile as well as Web Application that provide imports .csv data into the database and generate syllabus for faculties. It helps to provide mapping of course to objectives. In current system mapping data lost after each semester so faculty has to go into the application and reinsert all the data.Role and Responsibility:• Create web application using OOPS Concepts (Object Oriented Programming).• Use AngularJs, JQuery, JSON, and AJAX for faster response and better usability. • Create Responsive Design.Web DeveloperGannon University - April 2014 to PresentTechnology and Tools: C#.net, MS Azure Database, Jquery, BootstrapIt is a Web Application for Common Wealth. Basic idea behind is to invite businesses and post gift cards on to the internet and when shoppers come to buy coupons our company take some amount of percentage. Role and Responsibility:• Integration of Mass Payment( PayPal Connectivity)• Create CMS( Content Management System) to control financial transaction.• Working with JavaScript and MVC framework.Web DeveloperGannon University - September 2014 to December 2014Sep 2014 - Dec 2014Project: PHP Website.Domain: http://hostetler.journeybegins.net/CMS: http://hostetler.journeybegins.net/cmsRole: Web DeveloperTechnology and Tools: PHP, JQuery, JavaScript, CSS.Client wanted to create a CMS (Content Management System) for front end and create a website. He wanted to add category dynamically from the back end side. Import Pictures with multi upload JQuery plugin.Role and Responsibility:• Created CMS for client and provide editor to make changes in static pages.• Provided JQuery multi upload so client can add multiple images simultaneously.• Created other functionalities like database backup, create category menus.Client: Jeremy Cannell Sep 2014 - Dec 2014 Project: PHP Website.Domain: http://photogallery.journeybegins.net/ CMS: http://photogallery.journeybegins.net/cms Role: Web DeveloperTechnology and Tools: PHP, JQuery, JavaScript, CSS.Client wanted to add photos category wise. He wanted banners to be adding from back end and rotate on front end. He wanted editor so he can change content from backend (CMS). He needed JQuery Multi uploader to upload images by category. It should provide thumbnail preview on front end.Role and Responsibility:• Created CMS for client and provide editor to make changes in static pages.• Provided JQuery multi upload so client can add multiple images category wise simultaneously.• Provided JQuery Light box to view photos category wise.EDUCATIONMS in Computer ScienceGannon University - Erie, PA January 2014Masters in Computer ApplicationCharusat University February 2013Bachelors in Computer ApplicationS.P.University - Anand, Gujarat April 2008LINKS http://www.linkedin.com/in/pateltanmayADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnical SkillsLanguage: PHP, Visual Basic, Java, PL/SQL, C#Web Technologies: J2EE, Servlets, JSP, JSTL, JDBC, JPA, JavaScript, JQuery, .NET Cloud Technologies: MS Azure, SharePoint.Java Framework: Struts, Spring, AngularJS, HibernateDatabase: MYSQL, Microsoft Access, SQL Server, FoxPro, Oracle - RDBMS Concepts: Object Oriented ProgrammingOperating system: UNIX, Windows, Windows Server 2012Server: Apache, Tomcat, IISIDE: Microsoft Visual Studio, Eclipse, Net beans￼