Tara BanerjeeExecutive MBA Program Coordinator - Smeal College of BusinessState College, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tara-Banerjee/fd958a98eacb77c1WORK EXPERIENCEExecutive MBA Program CoordinatorSmeal College of Business - University Park, PA - October 2013 to PresentManage the two-year program logistics for 60 Executive MBA students from admission through graduation. Oversee and coordinate the learning experience for students and faculty including counseling students, problem solving sensitive and confidential situations, reviewing program design, and implementing changes. Manage course registration, track and maintain degree requirements, organize billing schedule, accept tuition payments. Plan on and off-campus events including an international trip for second-year students and an annual graduation ceremony and reception. Participate in recruitment events and admitted student receptions. Coordinated electronic course materials pilot program. Oversee one administrative position.Admission Counselor / Alumni Admissions Volunteer CoordinatorPenn State World Campus - University Park, PA - December 2010 to October 2013Communicated daily with prospective students via phone and e-mail while providing information and responding to requests about the application process and individual academic majors for both undergraduate and graduate online programs. Created and built the World Campus Alumni Ambassador Program which served as a network to recruit new learners to World Campus certificate and degree programs. Developed and maintained relationships with campus academic program partners. Represented Penn State at recruitment events for the World Campus and Department of Continuing Education.Associate Director of AdmissionJuniata College - Huntingdon, PA - July 2002 to December 2010Managed a travel territory consisting of 13 counties in New Jersey and 9 counties in Pennsylvania. Participated in student recruitment activities including visits to high school counseling offices, college fairs, campus open houses, and panels centered on the college admission process. Conducted student interviews both on and off- campus, coordinated travel and lodging logistics for students who were visiting campus. Reviewed candidate applications, participated in admission committee meetings, and made recommendations on admission. Coordinated the Juniata Admission Ambassador Program, a volunteer program which connected Juniata alumni with prospective students.Store ManagerL Brands - Altoona, PA - June 1997 to January 2002Directed day-to-day retail operations, recruited and developed staff, implemented merchandising techniques, and monitored delivery of quality customer service in a team-oriented atmosphere. Maximized profitability of the store as the sales leader by energizing and motivating my team to do better. Executed company security and anti-theft policies. Managed two associate managers and 25 sales associates.EDUCATIONMaster of Education in Counselor EducationThe Pennsylvania State University - University Park, PA￼Bachelor of Science in Fashion MerchandisingWest Virginia Wesleyan College - Buckhannon, WVADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCOMPUTER SKILLSSolid abilities in the Microsoft Windows operating environment2.0 web-based technologiesDatatel, Naviance, Qualtrics, Salesforce, Study.Net, Talisma, Titanium