Terri-Kay James Attorney - Lori M. BellCoila, MS - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Terri-Kay-James/f215834b35bf5373I am actively seeking full time employment. My experience performing fast-paced customer service, inside retail sales, and clerical duties specializing in the legal environment have equipped me with a multitude of skills. I am personable and professional under pressure.WORK EXPERIENCEAttorneyLori M. Bell - Carrollton, MS - October 2014 to PresentLegal Assistant/RunnerAssist attorney, all clerical/adminstrative duties, file court documents, reviewed, edited, and proofread legislation for proper grammar, spelling, punctuation and formatting,contacted clients to schedule appointments and discuss the progress of cases.Legal Assistant/RunnerUpshaw, Williams, Biggers, & Beckham, LLP - Greenwood, MS - September 2012 to April 2014Prepared for trials by organizing exhibits and other key evidence. Researched statutes,decisions, legal articles and codes. Contacted witnesses to testify under oath at courthearings. Directed and coordinated law office activity, including delivery of subpoenas.Developed a working relationship with courts, clients, and attorneys. Assisted attorneys with reviewing and organizing witness reports. Contacted clients to scheduleappointments and discuss the progress of cases. Filed all court documents on behalf of the attorneys. Reviewed, edited and proofread legislation for proper grammar, spelling,punctuation and formatting. Produced legal documents such as briefs, pleadings and appeals.Loan OfficerPayday Loan Store of Mississippi - Greenwood, MS - February 2012 to September 2012Recommended loan approvals and denials based on customer loan application reviews. Compiled database of loan applicants' credit histories and other financial information. Developed prospects for new loans by conducting cold calls weekly. Promptly responded to inquiries and requests from prospective customers. Maintained accurate records of past due customer account activity.Pharmacy TechnicianPolk's Discount Drugs - Jackson, MS - March 2008 to May 2010Properly filled and dispensed an average of [200] prescriptions per day underHireDesk Applicant Tracking Systemhttp://www.AtsReview.comPharmacists supervision. Effectively resolved insurance rejections and other billingissues. Managed cash and credit card sales daily. Managed accounts recievable and accounts payable. Completed new and updated patient profiles, including lists of patient￼medications. Prepacked bulk medicines, filled bottles with prescribed medications and affixed correct labels. Efficiently operated cash register and handled cash, checks, andcharge transactions. Assisted the pharmacists with checking in and pricing drug orders,third party transactions and relevant paperwork.Sales RepresentativePolk's Specialty Homecare - Jackson, MS - January 2009 to March 2010Assessed patients and documented their medical histories. Managed various generaloffice duties such as answering multiple telephone lines, completing insurance forms and mailing monthly invoice statements to patients. Performed monthly inventory and maintained office and medical supply counts. Answered calls daily by addressingcustomer inquiries, solving problems and providing new product information.Described product to customers and accurately explained details and care of merchandise.EDUCATIONNursingMississippi Delta Community College - Moorhead, MS 2006 to 2008Carroll Academy - Carrollton, MS 2006ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkillsMS Windows, multi-line phone, medical terminology knowledge, strong research skills, legal correspondence preparation, court policies and programs, typing speed 45WPM knowledge in insurance, malpractice, family law, efficient multi-tasker, QuickBooks Official Notary of the Public, fluent in legal terminology, exceptional communication skills, MS Office, exceptional organization, QS1, livewire, 10-key calculator, Adobe, cash handling and management.telephone: (662) [...]