Theresa LeppardExecutive Assistant to the United States Attorney/Media Relations Director/Training Officer - United States Attorney's OfficeConcord, NH - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Theresa-Leppard/91cc240811234a63WORK EXPERIENCEExecutive Assistant to the United States Attorney/Media Relations Director/Training OfficerUnited States Attorney's Office - Concord, NH - December 2009 to PresentConcord, NHExecutive Assistant to the United States Attorney/Media Relations Director/Training Officer• Brief and advise management and staff of the US Attorney's views on issues facing the USAO.• Develop and modify office procedures based upon the understanding and functions of the USAO.• Manage and oversee the daily activities of the United States Attorney.• Schedule and coordinate press conferences.• Prepare press releases and direct the public affairs programs for the office.• Coordinate community outreach and maintain relationships with local and national news media.• Develop and oversee training programs concurrent with the needs of the USAO.• Provide advice and assistance to management staff with regard to USAO employee's individual training needs and mandatory training required by the USDOJ.Law Firm Administrator/Litigation ParalegalKacavas Ramsdell & Howard, PLLC - Manchester, NH - May 2003 to October 2009Develop and implement office policies and procedures that support the firm's objectives.• Create and maintain budgets relative to office expenditures, growth performance and long term goals.• Ensure adequate management controls over payroll/personnel, data administration and processing.• Administer employee benefit plan and company retirement plan.• Assess and review performance management standards.• Manage and maintain client files in the practice areas of domestic relations, personal injury and criminal law. • Manage dockets, prepare pleadings and assist with trial preparation.Litigation ParalegalWiggin & Nourie, PA - Manchester, NH - September 2001 to May 2003Manage and maintain client files in the practice areas of domestic relations, insurance defense and personal injury law.• Manage dockets and discovery deadlines.• Prepare pleadings and legal correspondence.• Assist with all aspects of trial preparation including witness interviews, evidence review and analysis and exhibit preparation.• Develop and maintain positive relations and open communication with Court clerks and personnel.Litigation ParalegalHoefle Phoenix & Gormley, PA - Portsmouth, NH - June 1999 to August 2001Manage and maintain client files in the practice areas of commercial insurance defense, personal injury, commercial real estate transactions and intellectual property law.￼• Manage dockets and discovery deadlines.• Prepare pleadings and legal correspondence.• Assist with all aspects of trial preparation including witness interviews, evidence review and analysis and exhibit preparation.EDUCATIONMBA in HR ManagementFranklin Pierce University - Rindge, NH 2005B.A. in Paralegal StudiesNotre Dame College - Manchester, NH 2001Certificate in ParalegalKeiser College - Melbourne, FL 1993