Tiffany Jack StudentMassachusetts - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tiffany-Jack/ea52a68bcab704c7Self-motivated psychology major with more than 7 years of experience in a high-maintenance environment. Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills. Pursuing opportunity to develop my knowledge of psychology and concentration in human services.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb Developer- May 2010 to January 2015• Design and build web sites authoring or scripting languages, content creation tools, management tools, and digital/non-digital media.• Sedentary work such as perform or direct web site updates.• Identify problems uncovered by testing or customer feedback, and correct problems or refer problems to appropriate personnel for corrections.• Evaluate code to ensure that it is valid, is properly structured, meets industry standards and is compatible with browsers, devices, or operating systems.Crew Member- March 2013 to November 2014• Direct and coordinate activities of businesses or departments concerned with the production, pricing, sales, transactions and distribution of products.• Oversee activities directly related to keeping record required by government agencies regarding sanitation, and food subsidies when appropriate.• Perform sales floor work, such as greeting or assisting customers, stocking shelves, or taking inventory. • Operated store independently and stand for periods of time.Crew Member- October 2009 to January 2011• Issue receipts, refund, credits, or change due to customers.• Prepare bills for food, using cash registers, calculators, or adding machines, and accept payment or make change.• Brew coffee and tea, and fill containers with requested beverages.Sales Associate- December 2009 to April 2010• Greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs.• Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer desires, including helping customers try on or fit merchandise.• Preserve store first-rate visual presentation and answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise. • Watch for and recognize security and thefts, and know how to prevent or handle these situations.Student Patrol Officer- December 2008 to May 2009• Foot and vehicle patrol of campus, transportation escorts, and parking control.￼• Identify, investigate, or resolve security breaches.• Monitor and ensure a sound, ethical environment.• Develop, implement, manage, or evaluate policies and methods to protect personnel against harassment, threats, or violence.Student Worker- August 2008 to January 2009• Clean and sanitize work areas, equipment, utensils, dishes or silverware.• Light work such as assist chefs and kitchen staff with various tasks as needed. • Physically locking dining servicing areas.EDUCATIONBachelor of Arts in PsychologyGordon College · Wenham - Wenham, MABS in Pre-Seminary/Biblical StudiesCairn University - Langhorne, PASKILLSCustomer and personal service, Microsoft Office, HTML, CSS, Active listening, Multi-tasking, Media and communications, Decision-making and critical thinking, Safety and security/monitering, Creative & innovatice design, Strong analytical, Project management and organization, Effective written & oral communication, Experienced leadership & teamwork