Timothy FlynnDirector, Marketing , Business Development, Medical Device, BiotechDuxbury, MA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Timothy-Flynn/12a31015c487e5c8WORK EXPERIENCEDirector, Marketing NeuromodulationCODMAN, a Johnson & Johnson Company - Raynham, MA - 2011 to 2014Developed marketing strategy and led commercial execution as Global Franchise Leader; served on global leadership team. Managed team of product marketing, market development, and clinical support professionals. • Launched company's flagship product, MedStream® Implantable Infusion System for targeted neurologic drug delivery with $350M US market.• Crafted brand, marketing message, pricing strategy, and digital sales collateral including Apple® iBook launch manual, HD streaming clinical tutorials, and patient testimonial videos.• Designed multi-touch sales process, performed sales training for 60 sales reps, and implemented company's first CRM system for tracking customer engagement and sales progress.• Implemented Professional Education strategy for training physicians and nurses while also driving product awareness and adoption and creating a peer-to-peer user community.• Crafted clinical evidence and publication strategy that resulted in 5 published manuscripts supporting the clinical benefits of the MedStream system.• Developed Therapy Alliance Program to partner with biotech companies in the development of neurological drugs, and to expand market indications for infusion pumps.Senior Product DirectorDrug Delivery - 2003 to 2011Led upstream market development program during the development of the company's first programmable infusion pump; investment totaled over $70M.• Performed ethnographic market research to gather critical product requirements, and collaborated with R&D in developing device hardware and software.• Ensured a successful market introduction by assembling physician advisory board of Key Opinion Leaders (KOL) to consult on product pipeline, launch preparation, and clinical training.• Directed EU product launch of MedStream® drug infusion system, leading commercialization team in development of marketing plan, tactical launch plan, and sales force expansion.• Recognized with J&J Leadership Award for proposing and implementing innovative regulatory strategy that reduced FDA approval time by 2 years, saving over $2M in clinical cost.• Investigated targeted brain delivery of neurotrophic factor for the treatment of Parkinson's disease, with research grant awarded by Michael J Fox Foundation.Timothy Flynn mr.timflynn@gmail.comManager, Strategic / Upstream MarketingCODMAN - 2002 to 2003Drove market share growth by evaluating new revenue opportunities through definition and assessment of potential neurosurgical products and technologies.• Organized a novel surgeon advisory board meeting called Nexus that served as a means to validate product pipeline, where physicians (~50) would play venture capitalist and "invest" money into the product concepts presented by marketing and engineering.￼• Developed and implemented a portfolio management process and software to rank and track product concepts, including market size, revenue, and ROI.• Managed annual strategic planning process, culminating in a 10-year business forecast.ManagerDigital Marketing - 2000 to 2002Championed strategic digital initiatives to drive revenue and support sales force.• Developed a direct-to-consumer web marketing campaign in support of Codman's Normal Pressure Hydrocephalus program. Ranked as #1 resource for NPH patient education and physician referrals. (LifeNPH.com)• Developed e-commerce application that provided online ordering of J&J products through the Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX), a consortium of medical device vendors.• Implemented a mobile handheld Sales Force Automation system that provided salesforce access to customer accounts, order history, contract pricing, and inventory status.JOHNSON & JOHNSON ORTHOPAEDICS, Raynham, MADeveloped Total Joint Replacement implants including PFC® Sigma Knee System. Business Group Manager, OperationsSenior Project Engineer, Knee EngineeringPRATT & WHITNEY, East Hartford, CTDesigned and manufactured jet engines for commercial airliners. Senior Design EngineerManufacturing EngineerEDUCATIONMBA in MarketingNortheastern University - Boston, MABS in Mechanical EngineeringWorcester Polytechnic Institute - Worcester, MALINKS http://www.linkedin.com/in/timothymflynnADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCore CompetenciesProduct Launch | Product Development | Digital Marketing | Branding | Strategic Marketing Business Development | Portfolio Management | Medical Device | Biotech￼