Ting Xia LawyerDecatur, GA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ting-Xia/cce9021ef5f0cfadWORK EXPERIENCELawyerShanghai Junyue Law Firm - 上海市 - March 2012 to December 2013Drafted and reviewed contracts for both individual and corporate clients.• Handled various types of civil cases and business cases independently, including interviewing clients, drafting legal documents, attending court, acquiring documents and evidence from government departments and other agencies, and negotiating with the opposing parties. Won majority of litigation cases I represented, and obtainedhigh praise from clients and my boss.• Learned to conduct a civil case through the entire process independently.• Completed legal research and legal surveys.LawyerSG&CO PRC Lawyers - 上海市 - July 2011 to February 2012Performed due diligence for IPO, M&A. Thoroughly investigated corporate structure, financial status, existing contracts, cash flow, debt, employee agreements, etc., in order to identify potential corporate legal risks for elimination or disclosure.• Interacted directly with clients. Independently interviewed business personnel to collect necessary information for resolution.ParalegalShanghai Zhaosheng Law Firm - 上海市 - June 2010 to July 2011Researched and wrote analytical case reports and contracts. Wrote legal memos and documents for litigation. • Drafted and organized various legal files.• Accompanied lawyers to interview clients, attended court, communicated with different government departments to obtain necessary information and evidence.ParalegalHubei Zhuochuangdesai Law Firm - Wuhan, CN - September 2009 to June 2010Performed legal research. Drafted analytical case reports.• Assisted with the filing and drafting of legal documents.• Organized legal files.• Assisted in client interviews, worked with various government agencies to collect evidence.EDUCATIONLL.M. in Transactional LawEmory University School of Law - Atlanta, GA December 2014LL.B.Zhongnan University of Economics and Law - Wuhan, CN￼June 2009ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONQUALIFICATIONSLaw:PRC Lawyer License (2011-2014, eligible for reinstatement upon return to PRC law firm) Computer: NCRE 2SKILLSMicrosoft Office, Public SpeakingLANGUAGESMandarin - native fluency, English - proficient