Tony Smith ATTORNEY - Self-EmployedRoseville, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tony-Smith/813e623532cb8951WORK EXPERIENCEATTORNEYSelf-Employed - December 2012 to Present Specializing in business and transactional matters.CORPORATE COUNSELJudson Enterprises, Inc - Gold River, CA - March 1997 to December 2012I was the sole in-house corporate attorney for a Company that is in the top 10 residential home remodelers in the United States. The Company has approximately 400 employees and associates. I was primarily responsible for managing all aspects of the company's legal function. I effectively defended the Company in numerous regulatory actions (i.e. EEOC, Generals Attorney, FCC, FTC, Unemployment hearings, Environmental Regulators) and was successful in managing many lawsuits brought against and on behalf of the Company. As examples, I managed three pieces of litigation with initial exposure of $12 million, $8 million and $775,000, settling each for $222,500, $1.35 million and $150,000, respectively. Relative savings generated for the Company during my tenure ran into the millions of dollars, as I was able to defend and dispense with a majority of the Company's legal woes by utilizing efficient loss mitigation and risk management techniques, cost-containment measures and settlement negotiation strategies. I worked very closely with HR and have done extensive research and advisement on all HR issues for the Company. I oversaw the Company's finance department and shepherded all aspects of the lending portion of the Company's business. I managed approximately 20-25 legal matters at any given time and demonstrated the ability to categorize, prioritize and attack each to obtain the most effective resolution possible.• Oversaw the Company's Finance department and advised on issues such as Documentation, Rights of Rescission, Homestead and Community Property, Title issues, FCRA, TIL, REG Z and Credit Bureau access, among others.• Managed the Company's in-house loan portfolio, made collections and filed suit to enforce the Company's rights and/or placed loans with outside collection agencies. Liened properties where necessary and perfected such liens when required.• Coordinated Lender licensing for compliance in 18 states. Prepared yearly lender license and broker license renewals. Filed all documentation with the various Secretaries of State and other regulatory bodies.• Researched and reviewed federal and state general business laws, lending and finance laws, telemarketing laws, employment laws (including wage & hour) and advised Senior Management on relevant compliance.• Undertook various transactional issues, e.g. reviewing/drafting legal documents, negotiating terms for all Company contracts and other legally binding documents, as examples.• Coordinated employee investigations with HR and advised HR on all legal aspects of labor and employment law. (i.e. harassment, discrimination, wrongful termination, breach, compliance, etc). Defended Company from all such legal claims.• Responded to and interacted with the EEOC, FEHA, NLRB, CUIAB, FTC, FCC, Attorneys General. District Attorneys, and various other regulatory bodies, both federal and state.• Hired and managed outside counsel, shepherded all litigation and actively participated in arbitrations, mediations and all other informal settlement negotiations.• Researched and advised Company of home improvement laws/regulations and changes, assessed Company's position/exposure on various home improvement issues and assured Company compliance￼with all related laws. Coordinated findings with Sales, Production, Operation, HR, Accounting and Senior Management.• Protected the Company's intellectual property. Filed for, obtained and renewed all Company copyright and trademark registrations. Brought lawsuits against those who violated the Company's intellectual property rights.• Filed for and obtained for the Company "commercial co-venturer" status for charitable solicitations in numerous states.BRANCH MANAGER, REGIONAL CREDIT MANAGERNationsCredit - Roseville, CA - September 1989 to March 1997Began as a credit investigator and was promoted to loan officer, senior loan officer, regional credit manager with $100,000 loan authority and ultimately a Diversified Financial Services branch manager. Daily tasks were to oversee a department of 8-10 employees and their training and monitoring. Managed the loan portfolio, reviewed loan decisions of all subordinates when necessary to ensure quality control. Set branch and individual lending goals. Met with dealerships to solicit new business and aggressively marketed the Company's loan products. Responsible for daily branch operations and for the overall success and profitability of the branch. Set up and managed on-site finance kiosks for soliciting business from dealerships attending trade shows. HR responsibilities in hiring and termination and in assessing current employees for advancement in the Company.EDUCATIONJURIS DOCTORATEMcGeorge School of Law - Sacramento, CA 2000BACHELOR OF SCIENCE in MANAGEMENTGolden Gate University - Sacramento, CA 1994ASSOCIATESAmerican River College - Sacramento, CA 1992SKILLSLegal Research, Problem Analyzation and Solving, Loss Mitigation, Risk Management, Managerial, Time- Management, Communication, Leadership, NegotiationADDITIONAL INFORMATIONVery strong work ethic, highly dependable and loyal. Prefer the Greater Sacramento area, but am willing to relocate if necessary.