Trishawn Payne JonesNew Orleans, LA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Trishawn-Payne-Jones/498b2cdce37ec342WORK EXPERIENCEAssistant District AttorneyOrleans District Attorney's Office - New Orleans, LA - February 2003 to PresentResponsibilitiesCurrently in the trials division with a case load of 220 cases responsible for handling all felony cases from arraignment through trial. Also responsible for screening all new cases assigned to my section by reviewing police reports and interviewing victims/witnesses to gather information to determine what charges will be accepted.From 2006- November 2014, I worked in the Juvenile Division where I was responsible for adjudicating all Child In Need of Care (CINC) cases as well as drafting all petitions and motions. Through out my career I have worked in almost all areas of the District Attorney's Office including Child Support, Screening, Juvenile, Trials and the Domestic Violence Unit.Skills UsedMulti-task, ability to work independently, ability to finish task timely, self motivated and the ability to problem solve effectively.Attorney / AdvocateMetropolitan Battered Women's Program - Jefferson, LA - August 2002 to February 2003ResponsibilitiesProvided legal consultation to clients. Drafted all petitions and pleadings. Represented clients in domestic matters. Counseled survivors of domestic violence and provided support, access, and resources to women and children in crisis situations.Skills UsedAbility to problem solve effectively.Contract AttorneyLaw Office of McKernan and Associates - Baton Rouge, LA - August 2001 to August 2002ResponsibilitiesReviewed documents received through discovery for Multi-District litigation using an objective and subjective coding process. Provided valuable and pertinent information to the deposing attorneys.Contract AttorneyLaw Office of Elaine Appleberry - Gretna, LA - December 1999 to December 2000ResponsibilitiesDeveloped social security disability cases. Interviewed clients and completed intake applications. Drafted memoranda and civil pleadings and acted as co-counsel at trial.Assistant District AttorneyOrleans District Attorney's Office - New Orleans, LA - July 1997 to May 1999ResponsibilitiesServed as Senior attorney in the Child Support Division￼responsible for enforcing orders, handling rules forcontempt, and rules to increase. Prosecuted juvenilefelony cases including sexual battery, possession ofcrack cocaine with the intent to distribute, and armed robbery. Trained new assistant district attorneys, and performed all requested duties.EDUCATIONJD in LawSouthern University Law Center - Baton Rouge, LA 1993 to 1996BA in Political ScienceSeton Hill College - Greensburg, PA 1989 to 1993