Tyren Thomas Network AdministratorChicago, IL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tyren-Thomas/0451aa1edbe40d97WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorNew Horizons Computer Learning Center - Chicago, IL - December 2010 to February 2012Responsible for setting up application classes and Online Live courses.• Provided technical assistance and instructional assistance to Mentored Learning lab students.• Provided assistance to instructors for VMware courses and internet access dynamically.• Installed drivers for networking to employees, instructors and students.• Responsible for transitioning Vista over to Windows 7 for administrated staff as required.• Refreshed application classes daily with new ghost images from local servers.• Prepared workstations and trained new Account Executives on MS Office 2010 applications/Windows 7. • Conducted SEO/Social Media workshops for job readiness State funded programs.Network TechnicianMicroTrain Technologies - Chicago, IL - October 2007 to November 2010Set up Application classes for Corporate Rentals.• Provided technical assistance to computer end users.• Provided assistance to Instructors for Virtual courses and Internet Access statically.• Set up printers for networking to Employees and Students in ongoing classes and rentals.• Provided troubleshooting, installation and service to desktop operating systems and applications.Parts ManagerMurray's Automotive Superstore - Chicago, IL - April 2002 to September 2004Projected a positive company image while delivering merchandise to the customers. • Responsible for all SNAP (Sell Needed Automotive Parts) sales.• Awarded for increasing customer retention rate by 200% in 2002.Site ManagerXerox Business Services - Chicago, IL - March 1996 to April 2001Began as an Associate and promoted to Management position within 8 months.• Managed two client (Blackman Kallick and Neal, Gerber & Associates) sites for Outsourcing services. • Key player on Rewards and Recognition Team from 1999 - 2000.• Awarded for Champion of Customer Satisfaction for 2nd quarter in 1998.Facilities ManagerBissell and Brook - Chicago, IL - May 1986 to March 1996Daily interaction with conflict resolution matters for Attorneys and Legal Secretaries issues. • Responsible for managing Copy Center, Fax Department and Mail CenterEDUCATIONBachelors (not yet acquired) in PsychologyChicago State University - Chicago, IL￼1984 to 1989ADDITIONAL INFORMATION• Takes pride in doing a good job and achieving results.• Ability to identify key issues and implement corrective processes.• Consistently recognized for delivering outstanding customer service.• Good communication and interpersonal skills for technical and non-technical information• Quick study, with an ability to easily grasp and put into application new ideas and concepts.• Highly-dependable self-starter; can be counted on to complete tasks with minimal supervision.Operating Systems: Windows 9X & ME, Windows NT Workstation & Server 4.0, Windows 2000, Windows 7, Windows 8,Vista, Windows Professional & ServerHardware: Netgear Switches, Hubs, Routers, and PC Workstations (Compaq, Dell, HP andMultimedia), Network Cards, Memory, Printers, SCSI, Cisco 2600 SeriesSoftware: Exchange Server 2003/2008, MS Office Suite 2003 - 2010, MS IIS Server, WindowsTerminal Server, McAfee, Norton, Adobe Acrobat 9.0, Adobe Creative Suite CS5 Network/Protocols: Ethernet, FTP, DNS, DHCP, IGRP, RIP, TCP/IP, TFTP, VPN, WINS