Valencia Franklin, MBA, CPALynwood, IL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/b6cdc3b2f8a4e3d1WORK EXPERIENCEFinance ManagerNetworked Insights - Chicago, IL - July 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesFull scope accounting for software consulting firm, post journal entries, maintain general ledger, payroll, prepare financial statements.AccomplishmentsInstrumental in correcting many accounting and payroll anomalies / irregularities and streamlining various accounting / budgeting procedures.Skills UsedAccountant analysis, analytical, business organization and budget planning.Assistant Director of FinanceUniversity of Chicago - Chicago, IL - June 2012 to June 2014ResponsibilitiesManage, train, evaluated and supervise 3 grant managers. Responsible for budget planning and preparation. Maintains the departments financial statements, monitors cash, payables, and receivables.AccomplishmentsDeveloped new policies on retention on gift funds and stipend reimbursements. Prepared proposal and capital budget for newly awarded MRI research center. Oversaw the submission of over $20 million newly awarded NIH grants.Skills UsedResults-oriented, mentoring, multitasking, meeting deadlines, public speaking, control budgets, supervise others, and increase efficiencyAssociate Director of AccountingUniversity of Chicago - Chicago, IL - September 2008 to May 2012ResponsibilitiesManaged, trained and supervised the day to day work of accounts payable staff.Managed financial activities of Research and Teaching supplement of 187 faculty members. Developed procedures, documentation, analysis and validation of University accounting policies.AccomplishmentsLed efforts in improving the process of receiving and administrating faculty, student and staff payment request. Utilized IT resources in implementing, testing, and rolling out a payment processing database module. Developed and prepared spend analysis for total expenditures $4 million which has improved University policy compliance, reduce cycle time, and found new areas of savings.Skills Used￼Instruct others, meet deadlines, manage projects, manage money and budgets, increase efficiency and analyze data and facts.Senior AccountantUniversity of Chicago - Chicago, IL - November 2006 to September 2008ResponsibilitiesProvided accounting support such as journal entry, ledger review, month end and year end closing, budget preparation, income projections and endowment analysis.AccomplishmentsTrained new accounting staff, assisted in the development and implementation of new system of record software.Skills UsedMultitasking, manage projects, analyze data, investigate and audit records, research, count, observe, compile, locate answers or information.EDUCATIONMBA in FinanceGovernor State University - University Park, IL 2001 to 2003BS in AccountingGovernor State University - University Park, IL 1998 to 2000SKILLSProject Management Strategies, Business Objects, Microsoft Office, JD Edwards, QuickBooks, NetsuiteADDITIONAL INFORMATION Certified Public Accountant