Varsha Acharya Software Developer - Silicon Valley Bank- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Varsha-Acharya/53f15bbeec4e20a8• 4 years 8 months of work experience in Core Java, J2EE. • 4 years 8 months of work experience in banking domain. • Sound knowledge in Core Java and J2EE, Struts 1.3.• 3 months of training in web Sphere Commerce.• Involved in Estimation and requirements gathering• Involved in Requirement analysis, high level design and detailed design• Involved in Development, code reviews, integration testing, deployments and enhancements• In charge of build and releases for DevInt, QA , UAT and production• In charge of deploying release, sending release reports, attending Delivery calls with clients, attending calls with managers, identifying and escalation of major show stoppers• In charge of tracking the work load and status of the team(size 22) weekly and fortnightly across the tracks • Initiated and orchestrated an annual joy event called SVB SPECTRUM which through outdoor and indoor and online competitions was conducted.• Catalyst in Mindtree Sambhav through which I was involved in socially responsible activities like teaching life skills in schools, old clothes collection drive, being a scribe for blind student's exam etc.• Funding a girl child for her education every month.Technical SkillsLanguages/ Scripting Java 5.0, J2EE,Struts 1.3Tools MKS Integrity, Perforce,HP Quality Center, Eclipse, SQL Developer, Toad ,SOAP-Ui, Selenium IDE Others Struts1.3, XML, Pl-SQL, Web service, EJB 2.0,EJB 3.0,Websphere Commerce,HTMLOperating System Win XPServers Weblogic 10g, Apache TomcatWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperSilicon Valley Bank - Silicon Valley, CA - November 2010 to PresentTeam Size: 22Technologies Used: Java 5.0, J2EE, Oracle Weblogic 10.3, Oracle 10g Database, Struts 1.3, EJB, MDB, JQuery , JavascriptDescription:SVB eConnect is the flagship Online Banking platform of Silicon Valley Bank. It provides online Solution for Corporate and Private Clients .This web portal allows clients of the bank to manage their accounts, do fund transfers to various types of account, trade buy and sell foreign currency and maintain their profiles apart from a host of other features. It also felicitates the corporate clients to manage/administer the user profiles and have approval system for fund transfers• This project includes several functional, technical, maintenance and security releases across various modules of this online banking platform.• This portal sits on a 3 tier client server Java 5.0 platform using Weblogic and JMS as the middleware and Struts, JSP and Servlets as the Front end. Oracle 10g in the backend.• Since this is banking platform, this is integrated with several other partner services. Some of such services include Fiserv, Mellon Bank, SVB Core banking platform (CBS). SPOT for F/X Trading.￼SVB AssignmentsProject 3 SVBeConnect - Login enhancementsProject type Software Change Request / Enhancement / Integration and SupportCustomer Name Silicon Valley Bank, CaliforniaDescriptionEnhancement related to the login flow with security features like call to verify at login, OTPs and security questions.Integration of security analyzing tool to monitor user logins.Tools & Technologies Core Java/J2EE, JSP, Servlet, Struts 1.2, JMS. Role played Developer/Module LeadResponsibilities & Contribution• Involved in Requirement gathering• Involved in High Level design• In charge of low level design• QA and UAT and release support.• Refactoring the existing code along with the new feature delivery.Team Size 3Project 2 SVBeConnect - Small business bankingProject type Software Change Request / Enhancement / Integration and Support- New Business requirement DescriptionSVB eConnect is a online portal for corporates. The User administration in the portal is a complex process which usually follows the corporate hierarchy based on the user's role in the organization. Any transaction needs one or more approvals.This model of corporate banking is huge and irrelevant for small organizations or startups.eConnect Small Business Banking is a product for the clients identified as small business which is a simplified version of corporate banking with simple transaction approvals and user set up.The user administration apis and banking apis are exposed as web services apis by eConnect.The users seamless are signon (SSO) to the SBB platform by logging in to eConnect for online banking activitiesTools & Technologies Core Java/J2EE, JSP, Servlet, Struts 1.2, Web services Role played DeveloperResponsibilities & Contribution• Involved in third party vendors for design and development of web services• Developed web services apis for user administration, Banking transactions like fund transfer.• Designed and developed framework for user and client identity management across the eConnect and SBB platform.• QA and UAT and release support.• Refactoring the existing code along with the new feature delivery.Team Size 2Project 1 SVBeConnect - SVB OLB App SupportProject type Support / Software Change Request / EnhancementDescriptionApplication Support is an important part of any Enterprise Application. SVBeConnect has a very proactive AppSupport team which keeps eye on every incidents like server crashes, or functionality break that could happen in production or critical incidents like server crash/server down etc. It provides its active support and enables & ensures the continuity of OLB applicationTools & Technologies Core Java/J2EE, JSP, Servlet, Struts 1.2, Web Technologies, Web service, Pl/Sql Role played DeveloperResponsibilities & Contribution• Understand the overall SVBeConnect Domain & its architecture• Understand the criticality of incident and take appropriate actions on it and fix/test and deliver it in production • Proactively worked & interacted with AppSupport team, both from off-shore and onsite• Successfully delivered the fixes single-handedly for the incidents within the assigned time, properly tested and given it for production• Worked with tools like Tealeaf to handle the log files on production servers and Citrix for defect management on production ticketsMigrating data: Enabling CTV feature for existing users and clientCall to verify a new feature was added as part of the release. Migration of existing clients and users specified for the feature backend through scripts.• Designed and developed migration scripts which can be re-used to enable any feature backend.Team Size 2Value AddsTechnical Enhancements:• Weblogic server supports deployment of multiple web application with in an application. EConnect is a vast and 10 years old application with number of online banking services and application specific features with high dependency on each module. The Technical enhancement involved separating out the module dependencies and deploying it as web-apps.• Upgrading existing EJB2 to EJB3 in the applications• Automation of build process and connection configuration (vendor application, bank end systems like Database and CBS) for deploying the application in the QA environments and UAT environmentsOther Responsibilities• QA and UAT support to all the releases that included trouble shooting, analysis, co-ordination and quick turnaround of critical issues.• As a release coordinator, learnt and improved the project build process in short span and completed many UAT and production builds and also participated in code merging and deployment.• In charge code merging for prerelease activities and system Integration testing• As a developer I am responsible for design, development, debugging, integration and acceptance code testing.• Responsible for mentoring resources and knowledge transfer to junior analysts, developers and testers.• Ensuring smooth delivery of the projectClient: CadenceMindtree Ltd - Bangalore, Karnataka - October 2009 to PresentProgram analystIBM Websphere Commerce - March 2010 to November 2010Technologies Used: Java 5.0, J2EE, Oracle Weblogic 10.3, Oracle 10g Database, Web sphere Commerce, EJB, MDB, javascriptDescription:The customer, Cadence, a US based company, is a leader in the field of Electronic Design Automation. Electronic Design Automation is a category of software tools for designing electronic systems such as integrated circuits and printed circuit boards. The project consists of an application responsible for the e- licensing and contracts of Cadence. The original application was on the ATG platform, and for reasons involving scalability issues, performance issues and ATG platform support being withdrawn; it was decided to find a new home for the application. Cadence decided on IBM Websphere Commerce (WCS) as the desired tool. The project was an application migration project, which also had to take care of migrating 8+ years of data Responsibilities & Contribution:• Training in Websphere commerce• Involved in POC• Analyzed the code for any issues.• Debug , analyze and fix QA and UAT defectsArka Technology: TraineeCertified as MCE - Mindtree Certified EngineerArka Technologies - July 2008 to September 2009 Certified as Financial Services ProfessionalWork Experience Mindtree:EDUCATIONB.E in Electronics & CommunicationPDIT College of Engineering Narmada Devi Memorial School