Vishal Nananiya Web Developer - XeroxBaltimore, MD - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vishal-Nananiya/1bc3c4cd66533437• Over 6 years of extensive programming experience in developing web based applications and user interface(UI) application using HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, XML, DOM, Bootstrap, AngularJs, Backbone, MySQL.• Extensive experience in developing professional User Interactive (UI) of Web applications with the help of HTML, XML, XHTML, JavaScript, RWD(Responsive Web Design), jQuery and CSS and also experience in making webpage cross browser compatible.• Experience applying the latest development approaches including MVC in the browser, event-driven applications using AJAX, Object Oriented JavaScript, JSON, JSONP, and XML.• Expertise in creating div based and semantic element based HTML/HTML5 page using CSS/CSS3 as per W3C standards.• Experience on working with CSS Background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, CSS table, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.• Worked on RWD (Responsive Web Design) by implementing media queries and flexible grids.• Always being abreast on the versions HTML5 and CSS3. Implementing the new elements for better working of forms and validation.• Extensive experience working with JavaScript libraries, especially jQuery.• Expertise in Angular JS for developing single page applications.• Experience in debugging and troubleshooting the existing code.• Experience in designing various forms, tooltips, menus, tabs, widgets that support drag-and-drop, animated effects, data and time selector and many others using jQuery.• Experience with Eclipse IDE, Subversion and MVC.• Hands on experience using the version controls like Clear Case, SVN and GIT. • Experience in Software Product Development Life Cycle.• Excellent communication skills, team player, quick learner and self-motivated.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperXerox - Baltimore, MD - July 2014 to PresentResponsibilities:• Involved in developing user interfaces using AJAX, JavaScript, CSS, HTML, XHTML, jQuery• Involved in developing the responsive web pages for mobile, tablet and desktop using CSS3 media queries and fluid grid system.• Used Angular JS in developing single page applications.• Created cross browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.• Extensively used jQuery to perform AJAX calls for creating interactive web pages on JSON response.• Development of database stored procedures and triggers in SQL for handling of complex functionality like input processing, business requirement handling etc.• Extensively used Rational Application Developer and SQL Developer for writing code.• Used SVN for version control to maintain the UI code.• Involved in preparing the status update documents and presenting the same to the client.• Worked with an Agile, Scrum development methodology to ensure delivery of high quality work with monthly iteration, involved in sprint planning and retrospectives.￼• Involved effectively in all stages from requirements gathering sessions to completely implement the application into production.• Worked directly with designers, testers and project manager.• Involved in deriving the functional requirements from the business requirements.• Involved in defect fixing and new software enhancements.Environment: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, jQuery, AJAX, Oracle 10g, SVN, Firebug, IE Developer Tool bar, Chrome Developer Tools, Windows XP, UNIXJava UI DeveloperALLY BANK - Charlotte, NC - May 2012 to June 2014Responsibilities:• Experience includes working knowledge of the software development life cycle (SDLC) processes which includes analysis, design, development, and testing• Worked with Scrum, an Agile Methodology of SDLC Process for day-to-day tasks• Developed use case diagrams to validate and test the developed web application against the UI architecture • Worked on various IDE's such as Java Eclipse 4.3 and Java NetBeans to develop test codes• Developed customized tables for web pages using HTML5, CSS and JavaScript in the web application• Implemented data validation, form validation, objects, and server communication for various web applications using JavaScript, JQuery, HTML5, CSS3• Extensively worked on various web 2.0 technologies including HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, and JSP• Worked on JavaScript, for client side validations and for capturing dynamic events• Worked on different browser such as Internet Explorer (version 8,9, 10), Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, and Mac Safari to verify browser compatibility• Used debugging tools like Firebug and Web Inspector for debugging and testing of the web pagesEnvironment: HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, JSP, JavaScript, JQuery, FirebugWeb DeveloperVerizon USA - Nashville, TN - May 2011 to April 2012Responsibilities:• Designed and development of Web pages using HTML, CSS including Ajax controls and XML.• Designed the web applications using CSS and with the help of tags as per W3C Standards.• Developed data insertion forms and validated them using JavaScript.• Manipulated HTML, CSS in jQuery.• Developed the Presentation layer using HTML and CSS according to internal standards and guidelines.• Validated input values to make sure that they will be accepted before they are submitted to the server.• Used JavaScript and XML to update a portion of a web page thus reducing bandwidth usage and load time and add modal dialog in web pages to get user input and requests.• Coded JavaScript for page functionality and Pop up Screens.• Used JavaScript to make dropdown menus on web pages and display part of a web page upon user request. • Tested/debugged web browser using Firebug.• Utilized new software methodologies to be able to adapt to changes in requirements quickly.Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, XML and WINDOWS.UI DeveloperD&K Technologies Pvt. Ltd - Gujarat, IN - January 2011 to March 2012Responsibilities:• Created user interface and navigation structure.• Implemented page designs in standard-complaint dynamic HTML and CSS.• Developed the Front End User Interface using HTML, JavaScript, jQuery and CSS.• Created interactive navigation lists using list elements in HTML.• Implemented client side validations in registration forms, login and logout forms using Java Script.• Extensively used JQUERY, XML, AJAX and DOM scripting to create interactive web applications like message• Posting and auto complete form validations.• Worked with jQuery widgets to create more interactive web pages.• Responsible in code optimizing and test across browsers.• Actively participated in meetings with clients to determine website goals and develop strategies. Environment: HTML, JavaScript, XML, DOM, BOM, jQuery, CSS, Notepad+, eclipseWeb DeveloperBank of India - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh - June 2009 to December 2010Responsibilities:• Developed widgets using HTML, CSS, AJAX, jQuery Components and JavaScript.• Implemented Ajax Frame works, jQuery tools examples like Auto Completer, Tab Module, and Calendar and Floating windows.• Developed the jQuery widget with functionality of progressively enhancing the look and feel of web page.• Created an actions menu with jQuery that appears when checkboxes are selected• Used AJAX with jQuery controls for listing all scripts in a grid and can edit it in the grid which will reflect in the database table.• Used UI Development using HTML, and coded Java components which Retrieves data using SQL from Oracle database.• Implemented DD Tab Menu in a standard compliant, 2 level tab menus. Developed JavaScript uses CSS to control all of its appearance, and plain HTML to implement the entire menu tabs and contents.• complex user interfaces typically associated with desktop applications• Worked on consuming JSON object creation, parsing on both clients as well as server side.• Used CSS based design techniques to eliminate table-based layouts, and speed page loading.• Progressively enhance form elements with jQuery to add more robust functionality.• Made the rating range configurable that helps to modify it whenever changes occur.• Implemented more number of skins, and combination of the CSS sprites.• Used JQuery document to generate API documentation for JavaScript code.• The output of JQuery Doc is API documentation formatted as a set of HTML pages including information about methods, properties, custom events and inheritance for JavaScript objects• Coded pages using CSS in a table less environment.• Used the concept of the sliding door to use a background image for the buttons in a navigation menu. Environment: jQuery, HTML, XHTML, DOM, CSS, JavaScript, JSP, MVC Framework, Oracle 9iSKILLSHTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, XML and WINDOWS HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, JSP, JavaScript, JQuery, FirebugADDITIONAL INFORMATION TECHNICAL SKILLS:Web Technologies HTML, HTML 5, Cascading Style Sheets (CSS2.1/3), Java Script, XML, XHTML, JSP, AJAX, jQuery, AngularJs, Bootstrap.IDE, HTML Editor Eclipse IDE, Notepad++, Sublime Text, CoffeCupDatabase Basic Knowledge in Oracle 10g, SQL server, My SQL serverWeb Servers HTTP web server, Apache Tomcat.SDLC Waterfall, Agile.Operating System Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP (Prof), Windows 7 Programing Concept Object Oriented Programing Concepts