Wittnove Nkunku Web Developer - Race CentralLoma Linda, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Wittnove-Nkunku/39d15442ec986e89Energetic software developer skilled in software design, development and integration. Promotes object- oriented approaches to real-time software development. Analytical and detail-oriented, works well under pressure, constantly meets deadlines and targets while delivering high quality work.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperRace Central - Rialto, CA - March 2014 to Present92376Developer and administrator of racecentral.com currently under construction (http://www.racecentraldev.com/ racecentraldev/registration.aspx) using asp.net platform, c# and my sql database. is a full system for registration, payement, timing and management of marhatthon information.Administrator and DeveloperLokoleyacongo.com - Loma Linda, CA - September 2014 to September 2014Self - Loma Linda California.Developer and administrator of Lokoleyacongo.com an Congolese news website (support video, audio news and forum )Developer and administrator of banausa.com an Congolese news website (support video, audio news and forum )Administrator and DeveloperSelf - Nizhny Novgorod, Russia - December 2013 to July 2014Developer and administrator of Meetmeshop.com, an African online marketplace and free classified ads - currently under construction.Software DeveloperDanko Hospital Nizhny Novgorod - February 2013 to June 2013Member of the code implimentation team programing in C# and .net to update the Danko Hospital patient and employee management system.Database Manager and DeveloperAvito.ru - Москва - December 2010 to March 2011 Moscow, RussiaManaged the database system, coded and designed using PHP and HTML during system development.Data System OperatorDemocratic Republic of Congo Electoral Commission - January 2004 to June 2006Democratic Republic of CongoManaged data storage, collection, and maintenance in the election system's local server.￼EDUCATIONBachelor in Information Technology and Software DevelopmentLobachevsky University of Nizhny Novgorod 2014ADDITIONAL INFORMATION4. Operating Systems: Windows, NT/2000/Vista/7/8, Mac OS, LinuxObject Oriented Programing (OOP)5. Expertise in:➢ Research and Development➢ Technical specification development ➢ Software improvement and support ➢ Database reuse and algorithms➢ Code-Code reuse and algorithms➢ Planning and implementation