Yerbolat NassipovSolution Architect, HP Networking - Hewlett-Packard Kazakhstan- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Yerbolat-Nassipov/1756c0758e748ba0WORK EXPERIENCESolution Architect, HP NetworkingHewlett-Packard Kazakhstan - 2011 to Presentpresales consultant)• Developing network solution for customers• Technical consulting, solution design and architecture• Providing POC procedures for complex/new concept solutions • Making presentation of HP Networking solutions for customers • Preparing quotation for equipment ordering• Work with partners, channel sales development• Post-sales supportManager, Corporate network, IT&TPetroKazakhstan Overseas Services Inc - 2010 to 2011Managing network administrators team• Developing Corporate Network architecture and network standards• Interaction with vendors and System integrator companies• Network optimization, consulting, network audit for Petrokazakhstan group of companiesHead of Data Network Maintenance CenterJSC "Kazakhtelecom" - 2009 to 2010Managing and control of maintenance Kazakhstan national data network• Monitoring performance of works in accordance with technological process• Divisions work coordination and interaction with another department of the company • Management of regional technical staff• Work on network development projects• Approving new solutions for the client connections• Interactions with vendors and technical support teamTechnical DirectorProcessing Center of JSC "BTA Bank" - AlemCard LLP - 2007 to 2009Managing the Processing Center. 150 IT specialists.• Planning development and growth of the companyHead of System Administration Department.• Managing of System Administration Department. The Department consists of 4 IT devisions, 25 IT specialists. • Processing Center network Development, Server farm Development Growth planning, managing etc.• Interaction with vendors and System integrator companies.Head of Telecommunication Department.• Managing Telecommunication Department of the company, 8 specialists in the department. • Processing Center network Development, Growth planning, managing etc.• Managing LAN Administartors subdepartment• Providing Administrative management of Communications for the ATM and POS's network.￼System Integrator Company ABS LLP - Almaty - November 2003 to May 2007Almaty, KazakhstanLeading Engineer of IT Department.• Designing LAN, WAN, SDH, DWDM, MPLS, TDM, VoIP, and security networks. Developing new IT solutions. • Installing, debugging of complicated data networks. Installing and configuring network management systems. Installing Videoconferencing systems. Installing and configuring Security Systems• Making responsible decisions not usually subject to technical review, decide courses of action necessary to expedite the successful accomplishment of assigned projects, and may make recommendations involving large sums or long-range objectives• Implementing technical management of the projects, supervise a group of professional engineers and other staff. Consulting and training services for the clients.• Diagnosing and troubleshooting various network problems• Direct and advise on use of equipment and material• Assisting in increasing sales through presentations and responses to customers' technical questionsDuty engineer of Corporate Networks DepartmentJSC "Kazakhstan Telecomunucations" - Almaty - October 2001 to November 2003 Helpdesk.• Install, configure, maintain of communication equipment and satellite network management systems. Tended and tested communication equipment.• Helping clients with solving communication problems, consulting clients concerning technical questions.• Developing normative documentation for Helpdesk staff. Developing instruction manuals for the clients.• Diagnose and trouble-shot various network problems • Designed and implemented an IP networking solution"Interteach" Almaty Kazakhstan Manager of Insurance development departmentKazakh Corporation of Health and Medical Insurance - Almaty - 2000 to 2001Developed new insurance programs, made insurance contracts.• Examined of insured accidents, premium payment paper work.• Prepared the annual financial report of the department, provided branch offices with required promotional materials etc.• Gave consulting and advice service for the clients about different insurance questions and programs.Squad leader - the rank of sergeantMinistry of Agriculture of Kazakhstan - 1999 to 2000Projects• Complete network modernization (countrywide) Ministry of Agriculture of Kazakhstan. 280 different size branches, including HQ - FY2012• "BTA Bank processing center network redesign" FY2008 Personally designed and implemented from the beginning to the final stage of the project.• "Building Multiservice Network in West Kazakhstan for JCS "KazTransCom" 1200km long SDH backbone network - stage 1, 2, 3. (Atyrau SDH Ring and MetroEthernet, Aktau SDH Ring and MetroEthernet, Atyrau- Aktau SDH Backbone Network) Implementation and technical management of the project. FY2006• "Modernization of Telecommunications Network of CJSC "KazTransOil", stage I Shymkent-Karakoin (1500 km), Kalamkas-Atyrau-Uralsk (~2000 km)" - implementation and testing of SDH network. FY2005• More then 40 other projects in IT sphere; design, implementation, upgrade.EDUCATIONUniversity of Kaynar - Almaty 1994 to 1998Graduate diplomaUniversity of Ankara 1993 to 1994ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONComputer skillsAdvanced user MS Windows XP/Vista/W7/8Office: MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Outlook, MS Visio, MS Project, IBM Lotus NotesSoftware Products: Installation and administration CiscoWorks, Cisco Transport Manager, HP IMC, Cisco ACS, VAX Network Management System(Hughes), Polycom MGC-100 MCU Server etc.Professional Networking skillsDeep Hardware knowledge and software configuration of Cisco, HP 3COM, H3C, Tandberg networking devices (routers, switches, firewalls, wireless, IPS, SDH etc.)Cisco ISR1900, 2900, 3900, 7200, 7600 series routers; Cisco Catalyst 2960, 3750, 4500, 6500 series switches; Cisco PIX/ASA firewalls and IPS; Cisco SDH ONS15305, ONS15454E; Cisco Videoconferencing (previously Tandberg) systems.HP MSR900, 3000, 4000, HSR6600, HSR6800 series routers; HP 2530, 2920, 3800, 5500, 5800, 5900, 7500, 11900 series switches; HP F1000 and UTM 200 Firewalls; HP Tipping Point IPS; HP Wireless series products. Practical experience in network configuration of Routers/switches/firewalls: EIGRP, OSPF, HSRP, VRRP, NAT/PAT, VTP, STP, FR, IPSEC, ACLs, PBR etc.Designing and implementing large-scale Telecom/Enterprise networks projects. Support from first meeting with customer until final performance tests.Business skills• Network Design, Technology and solution consulting, documentation etc.• Competitive analysis of different networking solutions• Work both independently and as part of team• Sales/presales activities, presentation of the products and solutions• Customer support presales/postsales, consulting in solution implementation • Technology seminars and trainings for customers and channel partnersCore strengths• Goal oriented: Results achiever • Learning agility: Quick learner• Coaching people: Teaching• Sales skills: Persuading people • Strong presentation skills