Yuanliang Meng Software Developer - Juju IncArlington, MA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Yuanliang-Meng/af92f0ad04219b72I graduated from the top ranking university in China, and studied computer science in the US, focusing on applications of statistical machine learning. Python is my primary programming language, and recently I have worked on implementations of Solr engine, Celery task queue with Rabbitmq broker with Amazon Web Services in Ubuntu Linux environment. Meanwhile I am developing a program to automatically generate text descriptions for images.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperJuju Inc - Arlington, MA - June 2013 to PresentMy assignment is roughly 80% development and 20% research. My tasks involve various aspects of the job search engine at Juju.Accomplishments● Developed a new posting classification algorithm, implemented with SciKit of Python. ● Implemented Solr engine for indexing job postings and applicant resumes.● Implemented Celery and Rabbitmq on client server.● Improved efficiency for data clustering.● Updated backend programs with Multithreading and multiprocessing.Research Engineer (Intern)Nuance Communications Inc - Burlington, MA - January 2013 to May 2013While writing my master's thesis, I worked full time as an intern engineer at Nuance, a company specialized in speech recognition and synthesis.Accomplishments● Wrote a Python program to translate text annotations from BNF+ format to JSGF and GRXML.● Learned speech recognition and understanding algorithms.Research AssistantInformation and Telecommunication Technology - Lawrence, KS - May 2011 to December 2012I worked on the Invertebrate Paleontology Knowledgebase project, supported by the National Science Foundation. My tasks included data collection, algorithm design, coding, writing up, and presenting on an international conference.Accomplishments● Developed a website of invertebrate paleontology, powered with PHP and MySQL. Keyword search and a lot of other functions are implemented.● Developed an algorithm to classify fossils, based on their photos. It is a warp template approach based on expectation propagation. It led to my thesis.￼● Part of our research was presented and published on ACM/IEEE Joint Developer (Intern), Cepstral LLCConference on Digital Libraries (JCDL) - 2012 to 2012 Pittsburgh, PA - 06/2012 - 07/2012I developed an algorithm to perform voice period tracking. The Python program canaccurately mark the starting point and ending point of each period, for a variety of speech signals.DeveloperSVOX AG - Zürich, ZH - August 2007 to December 2008I worked on the text analysis and voice unit selection of Mandarin Chinese and Greek.● Research experience: computer vision, computational linguistics, cognitive science● Other techniques: mechanics, acoustic phonetics, optics, digital signal processingEDUCATIONPhD in Computer ScienceUniversity of Massachusetts at Lowell - Lowell, MA September 2014 to PresentPhD in Computer ScienceHarvard UniversitySeptember 2013 to December 2013Master of Science in Computer ScienceUniversity of Kansas September 2011 to July 2013Bachelor of Science in Precision InstrumentsTsinghua University September 1997 to June 2001ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkills ● Programming languages: Python, C/C++, PHP, MySQL, Ruby, Matlab ● Computing packages: Scipy, SciKit, NLTK, OpenCV, Caffe● Version control tools: Mercurial, SVN● System tools: Supervisor, Nagios, Rabbitmq