Zachary ColmanCarnegie Mellon MBA Marketing Student Graduating in May 2015 Seeking a Product Marketing RolePittsburgh, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Zachary-Colman/f8ff76bb884076c6WORK EXPERIENCEMBA Marketing Intern, Little People Global BrandFISHER-PRICE - East Aurora, NY - June 2014 to August 2014Strategic Analysis: Assigned to determine strategy for brand expansion into Mobile Applications and Social Media. Tracked and analyzed industry trends by reaching out to digital strategy employees, researching metrics reports and drawing upon previous experience to create two strategic reports. The reports led to greater responsibility within Little People content.Brand Strategy: With Little People team, helped develop strategy and forecasts for international growth in what is already one of Fisher-Price's most profitable brands and met with global markets to ensure a significant growth through 2018.Teamwork: Collaborated with a team of interns to convey the company's position as a premium product. Interacted with stakeholders across the company and researched competitors to create and present a plan to executives. Strategy includedsegmenting unique markets in multiple channels and was very well received by top management.Product Management: Worked with design, engineering and costing groups to begin development on 2016 line orchestration. Managed weekly working review meeting to move products forward and ensure timely product launches.Associate Manager, Web Content and MetricsHERBALIFE INTERNATIONAL, CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS - Torrance, CA - December 2012 to June 2013Strategic Analysis: Identified opportunity to use available analytics resources to improve product marketing. In doing so, the team implemented improvements within emails and the homepage in order to increase sales. Thought Leadership/Initiative: Recognized that site and product launches had increased beyond the scope of workflowplanning via Excel. Spearheaded implementation of Kanban Flow, a basic project management software that enabled the team to identify all of the assets (such as copy, images and PDFs) needed to launch products and sites more efficiently.Associate ProducerDISNEY INTERACTIVE MEDIA GROUP - North Hollywood, CA - January 2012 to November 2012Leadership: Charged with carrying out the strategy of building the Disney brand and creating original intellectual property on YouTube. Collaborated with team to build out channels, identify potential partners and foster relationships to license and create original content. Within six months successfully launched 300+ videos, gaining 100,000 new subscribers and 10 million views across multiple platforms.Project and Resource Management: Tasked with launching a streaming product for Disney's library of films. Assisted in managing internal and external design, development, encoding and user experience teams to drive production goals, resulting in the launch of Disney Movies Online, which gained more than 500,000 users without external marketing support.Interactive Production Coordinator￼TEAM ONE ADVERTISING - El Segundo, CA - November 2007 to February 2010Leadership: For a new vehicle launch, client was looking to break into mobile advertising. Team researched, produced and launched a new mobile marketing vehicle campaign to reach users of this emerging media.Foreign English TeacherCHEERY ENGLISH - 上海市 - August 2006 to July 2007Strategic Planning/Innovation: Prepared/delivered cultural activities and weekly teaching plans for more than500 students.EDUCATIONMBA in Marketing and Information SystemsCarnegie Mellon University, Tepper School of Business - Pittsburgh, PA 2013 to 2015BA in HistoryUniversity of Michigan - Ann Arbor, MI 2002 to 2006