Zel Head Attorney (Contract)Dallas, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Zel-Head/35dffa82b68652ceWORK EXPERIENCEAttorney (Contract)Mercedes-Benz Financial Services, LLC - Fort Worth, TX - 2014 to 2015Fort Worth, Texas 2014 - 2015Texas domiciled consumer and commercial automotive captive finance subsidiary. Attorney (Contract)• Advise business clients on legal and regulatory issues relating to direct and indirect consumer financing (lending, leasing, retail installment sales), privacy data security and product development including drafting and reviewing legal documents.• Assist in the development and implementation of new commercial finance products and programs.• Provide general transactional legal advice and training for Daimler Financial Services on various relevant legal issues and use of commercial documentation and related procedures.• Negotiate subordination/intercreditor agreements with conflicting creditors and their legal counsel to ensure DFS of a priority lien position.• Review dealer credit and fleet documentation to determine and resolve any deficiencies.Senior AttorneyFederal Deposit Insurance Corporation - Dallas, TX - 2010 to 2014Routinely assigned as oversight attorney in response to the closure and liquidation of multiple FDIC insured institutions with assets ranging in excess of $1-billion.• Responsible for reviewing, negotiating and drafting agreements including multi-party contracts in cases involving sophisticated commercial, consumer and government instruments for compliance with federal and state banking laws.• Supervises legal oversight of structured sale and asset purchase activities subsequent to the appointment of a Receiver to timely dispose of residential, acquisition and development and commercial real estate.• Proactively advise bank client as it pertains to satisfying Federal consumer protection laws and regulations including but not limited to TILA, ECOA, FCRA, GLBA and FDCPA which also includes the interpretation of new laws and regulations by rendering legal opinions.Associate General CounselVOLVO FINANCIAL SERVICES - Greensboro, NC - 2008 to 2010Greensboro, North Carolina 2008 - 2010North Carolina domiciled Equipment finance subsidiary with $4B in assets. Associate General Counsel• Proactively provided legal opinions to business units on various contract topics in order to offer alternative legal options in order to meet the targeted business goals.• Strategized with business partners to review and advise as to compliance requirements for, and implication of, any new or ongoing marketing and other programs or projects.Legal Portfolio Manager/Attorney￼PACCAR FINANCIAL SERVICES - Bellevue, WA - 2001 to 2008Bellevue, Washington 2001 - 2008Washington domiciled Equipment finance subsidiary with $5B in assets Legal Portfolio Manager/Attorney• Initiated due diligence activity in wholesale, retail, and lease portfolio, including related instruments such as mortgage and vendor agreements associated with various lending facilities.Principal/AttorneyJS VENTURES - Denver, CO - 1998 to 2001Represented a high net worth private investor whose business activities included the acquisition, development and construction of residential real estate.Compliance ManagerBELLCO FIRST FEDERAL CREDIT UNION - Denver, CO - 1996 to 1998Implemented and managed compliance program developed to reduce credit union risk through implementation of best practice activities.EDUCATIONLLMThomas Jefferson School of Law - San Diego, CA 2015JDSeattle University School of Law - Seattle, WABA in Technical and Organizational CommunicationsColorado State University - Fort Collins, CO