Abhishek Khilnani Software Developer with 7 years experienceRedmond, WA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Abhishek-Khilnani/d72a5c7a4eef154bResponsible and committed engineer with get it done attitude, on time spirit and experience in designing and implementing service based applications using Microsoft technologies. Proficient in C# infrastructure, language standards, object modeling technologies and Application Life Cycle management.QUALIFICATION SUMMARY• Over 7 years of experience in Object Oriented Analysis/Design and C# development and progressing from problem statement to well documented design and successful deployment.• Develop solutions that improve scalability, performance and costs.• Discern key business requirements and objectives by interfacing with stakeholders.• Superior analytical, time management, collaboration and problem-solving skillsWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperInfosys Limited - Redmond, WA - August 2012 to PresentInstrumental in developing and implementing a windows service that hydrates the data from source system to end system at predefined intervals. This involved experience with windows service, LINQ to SQL provider, SQL and ADO.NET concepts. It enabled customers in Microsoft Data Centers across the world to leverage machine driven learning rather than manual day to day entry.• Implemented ODATA service to provide generic approach to access data in AX-2009 ERP based system for Supply Chain Management team. CRUD operations could now be easily performed by various external teams consuming data in AX making it accessible to non-AX users. It reduced development time to add new custom actions and develop new interactive UI applications as opposed to traditional form based UI in AX.• Developed WCF applications (Orchestration layer) to connect to external systems like SAP for Corp- Financing, PDS for Procurement and validation of sales and Purchase Orders and GFSDeploy for planning and deployment of projects. Applications also supported interactive UI features for maintaining various stages of an asset.Technology Analyst - USInfosys Limited - 2007 to PresentSenior Systems EngineerInfosys Technolgies - Pune, Maharashtra - June 2008 to July 2012Developed and maintained applications for Boeing 787 program to maximize performance and efficiency of aviation operations. This project involves integration of 2D Graphic files (CAD\CAM) with 3D scene description (.XVL) file and (S1000D) data modules. This helps Boeing organize, update and maintain its data for its fleet customers online (as opposed to printing catalogs). It also eliminates the burden and time required to store and update its Digital Publications.• Developed tools in C# to automate and simplify everyday testing. This reduced our time to ship package to our customers.￼• Provided new implementation approach for resolving reoccurring issues for Disassembly of Parts data using simplified recursive algorithm resulting in reduced lines of code and improved maintainability.• Recognized as a resourceful contributor and acknowledged with PRIDE @ BOEING award from the Boeing IT manager.• Space Management:- Developed web based application tool for determining exact location for an employee. Shows entire floor map of each building along with employee related details.EDUCATIONBachelor in Electronics & Telecommunication EngineeringThadomal Shahani Engg College - Mumbai, MaharashtraDiploma in Digital ElectronicsShri Bhagubhai Mafatlal Polytechnic - Mumbai, MaharashtraGeneral EducationSt Joseph's High School - Mumbai, MaharashtraADDITIONAL INFORMATION TECHNICAL SKILLSLanguages: C#, PL/SQL, Typescript (Beginner).Libraries and Frameworks: .NET 4.0, ADO, Entity Framework, ASP.NET 2.0 (Beginner), WCF service, ODATA protocol, WWF, LINQ, Windows services, Microsoft Azure (Beginner).Software: Microsoft Visual Studio 2008, 2010, 2012, 2013, Microsoft Visual Studio Online, TFS, GIT, Visual Source Safe.Operating system: Windows 2008/2012, Windows 7.Database: MS SQL 2008, 2012, Oracle 10g.