Ahmad HendersonNetwork Administrator - Allied Printing CompanyWestland, MI - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ahmad-Henderson/c2257fdf66642a61WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorAllied Printing Company - Ferndale, MI - March 2004 to PresentProviding Network and System support to over 150 users in 5 facilities.• Configure and administrate MS-Exchange based solutions.• Deploy and manage IIS 6/7 internal and external servers• Design, install, manage and monitor VMware ESX Servers in a clustered environment. • Create data stores and iSCSI LUNs for storing VMs and data.• Design and manage backup solutions for virtual and physical servers.• Configure and manage Active Directory.• Install and manage switches, routers and wireless devices across multiple VLANS.• Deploy configure and manage Firewalls, VPN clients and tunnel Access to remote sites.• Deploy and manage FTP/SFTP sites and automated solutions.• Installation, configuration and maintenance of local and wide area network hardware and infrastructure. • Administrate network and server security configuration.• Administrate Voice-over IP capabilities for 5 facilities.Accomplishments:• Assist in preparing a Disaster Recovery plan following the ISO-9001 framework.• Assist in designed and implemented a point to point redundant wireless solutions for building to building connectivity for 4 sites using Cisco and Proxim radios.• Consolidated 95% of the company's physical servers into a virtual environment.• Spearheaded the company initiative to consolidate 95% of the company's physical servers into a VMware environment to lower cost and provide better redundancy.• Design and organized the separation of the company's Graphic and Data Center to provide better security of customers Data by deploying 2 separate VMware ESXI 5.5 environments using Hp Proliant servers and Dell Equallogic storage.• Design and configured the ability to have site to site data replication by leveraging the Dell Equallogic VSM technology between Private fiber for faster DR• Implemented a scalable data security solution that incorporates application transparent encryption that can be controlled at the user and application access level and also data at rest.• Assist in the design and implementation of the data center's 10GB Network that consist of Hp Procurve 5400 chassis with all redundant links to all edge switches, VMware host and Dell Equallogic storage.Computer Support Associate/Print OperationsArchway Marketing Service - Romulus, MI - February 2001 to March 2004Provided desktop support for over 350 users.• Provided backup support for the company network administrator. • Installed user workstations.• Scheduled and maintained daily backups.• Provided connectivity, hardware, and software troubleshooting.• Maintained network antivirus solutions.￼• Maintained file/print/terminal server and workstation installations. • Configured VPN and Citrix installations for internal customers.Accomplishments:• Converted company desktops from Windows 98 to Windows 2000. • Created disaster recovery plans for production workstations.• Task with training users on Xerox equipment.Digital Print Operator/Help DeskVisual Services/Vispac - Livonia, MI - October 1999 to January 2001Performed document layout and graphic image manipulation. • Produced high-quality print ads.• Monitored the quality of printed output.• Operated high speed laser printers.• Assisted the Help Desk with network and desktop issues.Accomplishments:• Designed multiple Workflow processes for different customer accounts. • Implemented new helpdesk ticket system.EDUCATIONAssociate of Applied Science in Computer Networking SystemITT Technical Institute - Troy, MI 2002Henry Ford Community College - Dearborn, MI