Aishwarya MuraliTeaching Assistant - Department of Computer ScienceIowa City, IA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Aishwarya-Murali/3210cd136429ef03I am a graduate student (Masters) in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Iowa. I am very much interested in trying new programming languages and I have started to work with Spring MVC, Java, Javascript and Ruby on Rails to learn more about web application development.Working as an instructor for HTML,CSS,Javascript gave me the opportunity to teach and learn in depth. I recently learnt Ruby on Rails & developed a project for high school students participating in a robotics competition. Among 12 projects, this project was awarded the best.I am looking for an opportunity in a challenging environment, to own a product and build it. I go by the moto - ‘never stop learning’ which I believe is my strength. Specifically, I have a strong background in the fundamentals of computer science, and proficient in several programming languages (C, C++, C# .NET) and databases (MySQL, SQLite, Oracle 10i).I will be happy to provide any further information relating to my background and qualifications.WORK EXPERIENCETeaching AssistantDepartment of Computer Science - September 2014 to PresentInstructor for Data structures & Algorithms in Java and Principles of Computing course. • Led lab sessions for 65 students on HTML5, CSS3, Javascript.Research Assistant - InternCenter for Computer Aided Design - Virtual Soldier Research - July 2014 to August 2014PDF report generation using itextsharp library/Microsoft Chart controls in C#. Optimized data representation using graphs.• Modular programming for creating re-usable interface allowed easy integration of the module with the core system.Research AssistantCenter for Computer Aided Design - Virtual Soldier Research - September 2013 to June 2014In a cross-functional team of 25, worked on a simulation tool for human range of motion developed in C# and C++.• Improved user interface by providing dynamic configurations while converting metric units using event driven programming.• Enhanced visualization of collision spheres during human range of motion using OpenGL for transparency and colors.Assistant System Engineer - TraineeTata Consultancy Services (TCS) - August 2012 to July 2013Led a cross-functional team of 6 engineers in developing a Unix/C++/Oracle based telephone exchange portal that includedmodules for customer service, customer/employee profile management and billing.￼• Received 'Kudos' award for consistent high performance among 200 employees.Developer Trainee - InternL&T ECC - December 2011 to March 2012Using .NET Silverlight (MVVM design) developed an Enterprise Project Management tool which predicts whether or not to pursue a new project. Used divide and conquer methodology to calculate the capacity with demand for each project.EDUCATIONCampus GPSSeptember 2013 to December 2013Software engineeringprovide better walking navigation inside the college campus November 2013B.E in Computer ScienceR.M.D Engineering College May 2008 to 2012M.S in Computer ScienceThe University of IowaADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkillsProgramming languages: C, C++, C#, Java, Ruby on RailsDatabase: Oracle 10i, MySQLProgramming environment: Visual Studio .NET, Eclipse, NetBeans, Spring Tool Suite (Spring MVC) Web programming: HTML5, CSS3, Javascript