Alan SunSoftware Developer - AvocetHouston, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Alan-Sun/afb007f4c5bc9a54Bachelor of Computer ScienceTotal experience of 3.5 years in Infosys as .NET programmer Advocate of Unit test and Agile developmentHighlights• TDD• Unit test methodology• Object-oriented programming skill • Excellent ability of learningWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperAvocet - Houston, TX - January 2014 to PresentHouston, TX, USSchlumberger Information Solutions Jan, 2014 - NowAvocet is a powerful production operation software platform from Schlumberger Information Solutions. It is fairly flexible for the user to customize workflows, data visualization and management, which originally, was partly the reason why unit test was not introduced. In order to provide better performance and extensibility, I was brought to take charge of building unit test framework for Avocet.Role: Software DeveloperResponsibility: 1. Designing and implementing unit tests against core functionalities of Avocet 2. Code refactoring and API designing for extensibility 3. Performance testing 4. Guiding unit test practices to the team Software: MSTest, Moq, ApprovalTest, Visual Studio 2013, SQL Server 2012DeveloperPetrel Drilling - 北京市 - January 2012 to November 2013 Beijing, ChinaBeijing Geoscience Center, Schlumberger Jan, 2012 - Nov, 2013Petrel is a Schlumberger owned Windows PC software application intending to aggregate oil reservoir data from multiple sources. The object of Petrel Drilling is to integrate additional domain objects and workflows for drilling purposes so that drilling engineers can get benefits of the powerful 3D visualization, calculation functionalities of Petrel, furthermore, be able to conveniently cooperate with geologists.Role: DeveloperResponsibility: 1. Implementing feature 2. Analyzing and fixing issue Software: TDD, WPF, OIV, Visual Studio 2010, Perforce, PetrelSoftware EngineerInfosys China - 上海市 - June 2011 to December 2011Introduction training regarding software engineering, technique of programming and testing, etc.￼EDUCATIONBachelor in Computer ScienceBeijing Jiaotong University - 北京市 2006 to 2010SKILLSUnit test(MSTest, NUnit, ApprovalTest, Moq), C# programming, WPF