Alexander WilsonVolunteer Computer Science Tutor and Webmaster - Pi Kappa Alpha- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Alexander-Wilson/d3c11b945c667021WORK EXPERIENCEVolunteer Computer Science Tutor and WebmasterPi Kappa Alpha - Towson, MD - December 2012 to PresentTutored 3-5 Computer Science Majors. Focused on object oriented design and coding languages Java and Python. Responsible for updating and maintaining the Chapter website using HTML.IT Specialist (Application development)Bloomberg Bureau of National Affairs - Arlington, VA - June 2014 to February 2015Full Time Internship; Project Manager for rolling out Microsoft yammer to the company of 500+ employees, where I lead trainings, oversaw processes and wrote technical documentation. Worked with the Application Development team to problem solve and discover new ways to use SharePoint, Confluence and Salesforce. Assisted the User Experience department with their project to reface the Bloomberg Law website and fix accessibility issues.Project Manager and Programming Team Lead3D Printing Lab Tracking and Management Software, Towson University - Towson, MD - September 2014 to January 2015Project Manager for a class of 18 students and programming team lead. Implemented agile development methods to create Java based software with the ability to track student submissions, cost and material usage for Towson’s 3D Object Printing Lab. Responsible for development, printing cost estimation research, meeting deadlines, holding all hands meetings, and customer contact.Chesterfield Community Pool ManagerAmerican Pool Enterprise - Pasadena, MD - May 2013 to August 2013Full Time; Supervised approximately 10 pool employees, performed routine maintenance and scheduled swimming lessons and events with customers.Website Developer and WebmasterChesterfield Swim Team - Pasadena, MD - May 2010 to May 2012 Created and maintained team website using HTML and CSS.Summer InternService Coordination Inc - Glen Burnie, MD - June 2009 to August 2009Full Time Internship; Assisted staff with computer operation issues. Reorganized and designed computer file structure and employee sign-in system. Completed general office duties including mail processing and answering phone calls.EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Computer Science, Software EngineeringTowson University - Towson, MD￼SKILLSJava SQL HTML Python RubyADDITIONAL INFORMATIONRecords, Open Source Music Discovering Software, OwnerOwner, developer and designer of a cross-genre music discovering tool. Software uses algorithms, Echonest’s Developer API, chart data and user chosen genres to find and play music similar to a selected song. Developed in Java and SQL using object oriented design, threading, sound processing, metadata extraction, and XML/ JSON parsing. The software is version controlled using Google Code, in the testing phase of the development life cycle, and expected to deploy in Fall 2015.