Amanda BriteWeb Developer - Arizona Library Association- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Amanda-Brite/777b13bd31d65af2WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperArizona Library Association - December 2014 to PresentResponsible for organizing, designing and maintaining a forward-looking website. Familiarity with a proprietary ContentManagement System. Continuous improvement in services available to members. Works directly with 2015 conference committee,building an independent site using a WordPress backend, creating a dynamic bootstrap-based site allowing members to easilyaccess materials. Customize PHP to meet the organization's needs. Adapts content to format and copy appropriate for the web.Serves as ex-officio member of the Executive Board, Web & Social Networking, and Professional Development committees.Library Information AssociateUniversity of Arizona Libraries - Tucson, AZ - October 2012 to PresentDiscovery, Description, and Acquisitions Tucson, AZUniversity of Arizona Libraries October 2012 - PresentManages acquisitions request process: ordering materials, negotiation and procurement of digital streaming rights, and serving as aprimary contact for faculty and vendors. Works with accounting, librarians, and campus to ensure proper accounting measures and licenses. Provides metadata assignment through copy and original cataloging, including maps, media, and foreign material. Createdprocess to decrease odds of duplication in collection when implementing dual Discovery Driven Acquisitions programs. Wrotedocumentation on processes and policies. Created workflow for new projects and processes. Lead staff drive cleanup, deleting,archiving, and moving files under data retention policies. Consults stakeholders to ensure correct information is retained. Designing a framework for ongoing file structure and porting data. Supervised two student employees totaling 30 hours per week.Web Support Volunteerwordpress.com - Tucson, AZ - January 2012 to PresentPorted blog from a wordpress.com hosted site to the organization's official site, retaining posts, images, and comments.Customized WordPress theme using CSS to match the organization's brand standards. Created a child theme to include PHPcustomizations. Troubleshoot access and permissions issues experienced by editors. Updates software and themes.Library Information AssociateAccess and Information Services - Tucson, AZ - August 2010 to April 2013￼Administered and analyzed the 2011 Action Gap survey, providing information to the library regarding customer expectations,coding data in NVivo and using additional analytic tools. Organized lose data into an electronic format and streamlined the dataentry, training student workers to assist. Supported the team analyst in projects. Compiled data used for long- term planning and trend identification. Participated in library-wide strategic project assessing customer use of space, the results influencing space-related decisions. Developed staff training on troubleshooting Macs and updated previous documentation on PCs.Library AssistantFresh Start Women's Resource Center - Phoenix, AZ - April 2008 to August 2010Cataloged new and donated materials, including applying appropriate metadata. Assessed the library collection for the purpose of weeding material unrelated to the mission of the organization. Assisted clients, staff, interns, volunteers and board members inlocating information and resources. Trained and supervised library interns and volunteers. Wrote documentation of IT and librarycollection-based procedures founded on policies established by the Resource Center board and library manager. AdministeredSharePoint for the organization and maintained local servers. Co-facilitated classes on internet use.Library AidePueblo Grande Museum - Phoenix, AZ - July 2007 to July 2010Created and maintained working procedures for the daily functioning of the library. Selected, acquired, processed, and organizedlibrary materials using city funds and money from the Museum Auxiliary. Created a digital library catalog to organize books,periodicals, and other materials for easy retrieval by researchers, including subjects and keywords. Recruited, trained and supervised regular and project-based library volunteers.EDUCATIONMaster's of Arts in Information Resources and Library ScienceUniversity of ArizonaBachelor's in Science, TechnologyUniversity of ArizonaLINKS http://www.amandabrite.comADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLSProblem solving: Resolves in-depth challenges in a methodical manner independently or with outside input, as the situationwarrants. A strong understanding of when outside intervention is required, using good judgment and organization policies.￼Team player: Enjoys sharing knowledge and encouraging development of others to achieve goals.Planning and organizing: Refined solutions based off established or new requirements in a timely and professional manner.Flexibility: Able to adapt quickly in a rapidly changing environment.Systems knowledge:Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, Mac OS X.Library related software: Millennium, CARL, Koha, Illiad, OCLC Connexion, MARCEdit.Other Software: SharePoint, Box, DropBox, Drupal 7, Omeka, WordPress, Microsoft Office suite, iWork, AbiWord, AppleAperture, GIMP, and Adobe Creative Suite including Photoshop, Dreamweaver, and Flash.Languages and Scripts: HTML5, CSS, XML, PHP, SQL.