Amir Mencher Web Developer - PDX Code GuildLake Oswego, OR - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Amir-Mencher/13818ed676ffac30Highly motivated Technical support professional. Computer literate, with strong electronic, electrical and mechanical skills. Customer oriented problem solver with an ability to adapt to new situations. A quick learner with a desire for continuous personal growth. Diverse experience includes healthcare industries and the public sector.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperPDX Code Guild - October 2014 to PresentStudying front and back end Development using Python, Django, and JavscriptMedical ReceptionistPediatric associates of the Northwest - November 2012 to PresentMedical Office Specialist, Pediatric Associates of the NW, # Provides full front office administrative support for 6 healthcare practitioners # Maintain and verify accuracy and completeness of patient information and insurance documentation using EMR software # Schedule and coordinate appointments, tests and procedures # Handles inquiries and requests from patientsIT ConsultantB'nai B'rith Summer Camp - June 2011 to August 2011Implemented data networks and provided onsite technical solutions and troubleshooting Improved efficiency and processes by defining hardware and network requirementsManagerStarbucks - April 2009 to June 2011Effectively managed a staff of 10 employees, working with team to execute action plans that met operational and organization objectives. Reviewed store environment and key business indicators to identify problems, concerns and opportunities for improvement in order to provide coaching and direction to the shift team in order to achieve operational goals.Combat Medic/SoldierIsrael Defense Forces - July 1999 to August 2002Managed a combat unit medical clinic. Provided IT support to soldiers and commanders. Used problem solving skills to analyze and maintain security network for the military baseJanuary 1998 -January 1999 (1 year 1 month)Assisted EMT, paramedics and doctors in medical emergencies.CoursesIndependent Coursework Development boot camp￼EDUCATIONHigh School diplomaBeit Hinuch High School 1995 to 1999