Anatoliy SvistunGranite Bay, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Anatoliy-Svistun/121654c62372b09bWORK EXPERIENCEWeb developerFreelance - Sacramento, CA - December 2010 to PresentAs a freelance web developer, I build custom dynamic web applications and work with Content Management Systems (CMSs) such as Drupal, DNN, and OpenCart. I have successfully completed a wide range of software development projects that included graphic design, database development and front-end/back-end coding. Through these projects I gained experience in:• Adobe Photoshop CS5, Dreamweaver CS5, Flash CS5, Fireworks CS5, Illustrator CS5 and Media Encoder CS5.• MySQL, MS Access and MS SQL database development and programing.• Front-end coding with HTML5, CSS3, SASS, XML, JavaScript, JQuery and AJAX• Server side coding with ActionScript, PHP, ASP.NET, Visual Basic, C# and Java• Internet marketing• Search Engine Optimization (SEO)Additionally, as a business owner and a web developer I also have experience in administrative duties such as: • Solicitation of clients• Project management• Business managementUsing these skills, I have successfully completed many website applications on time and on budget. These software applications now play major role in business success on my clients.Building Designer and DrafterSvistun Design - Sacramento, CA - June 2004 to December 2013As a small business owner and self-employed building designer/drafter, I am skilled and experienced in residential building design and CAD drafting. I have utilized these skills to provide my clients with comprehensive and easy to follow construction drawings for residential projects. Additionally, as a business owner and self-employed designer/drafter performed business administrative duties such as:• Solicitation of clients• Project management• Business managementAs a designer/drafter, I produced elegant and comprehensive building solutions that enabled my clients to undertake their construction projects with confidence and with a clear overview of the project, which in turn played a big role in each project’s success.General ContractorANS Construction - Sacramento, CA - June 2004 to December 2007As an owner/manager of small construction company that that specialized in new construction and remodeling of existing residential structures I gained additional experience in business administrative duties such as:• Project requirements gathering• Project estimating• Project planning• Project managementAdditionally, as a business owner/manager I also performed administrative duties such as:￼• Solicitation of clients• Project management• Business management• Human resources managementBy using my skills and experience in construction industry, I have successfully served my clients and managed my business, which provided valuable construction services that comprised of many complex and time sensitive residential construction projects.Carpentry ForemanJTS Construction - Sacramento, CA - January 2000 to June 2004As a manager of a carpenter crew, I performed the following duties: • Project planning• Project management• Employee training• Human resources managementIn this job position, I successfully completed many rough framing projects on time and on budget. Because of my punctuality and skillful work, JTS construction was always able to count on my crew and I to complete some of their most complex carpentry projects.EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Information TechnologyKaplan University - Davenport, IA 2012 to 2013Associate of Applied Science in Information TechnologyKaplan University - Davenport, IA 2010 to 2012SKILLSWeb Development, Project Management, Computer Repairs and Network Administrator.LINKS http://anatoliysvistun.rivercitywebpro.com/ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL SKILLS• Languages: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, XML, JavaScript, ActionScript, PHP, Visual Basic, C# Java, MySql and MS SQL.• Applications: Visual Studio IDE, NetBeens IDE, Eclipse IDE, SQL Server ManagementStudio, PhpMyAdmin, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Flash, Adobe Photoshop, AdobeFireworks, Adobe Acrobat Professional, MS Access, MS Word, MS Excel, MS Power Point, MS Visio,MS Project.• Tools: Google Analytics, Google AdWords, and Fire Bug.• Other: Drupal 7and OpenCart.￼