Andy MartinezIT Networking and System Admin - How-Do-You-RollAustin, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Andy-Martinez/60a437f06aa318ba A network administration position focused on system and data security.WORK EXPERIENCEIT Networking and System AdminHow-Do-You-Roll - June 2011 to PresentAs a Network administrator, assisted with daily networking issues as well as day-to-day system administration. Used diagnostics tool to verify network functionality. Used WIM, sysprep, powershell and other tools for system administration, imaging, and others as needed.Security EngineerHP Tippingpoint - Austin, TX - October 2011 to April 2012As a Security Engineer 2, consistently maintained top customer satisfaction scores on service, successfully protected business against specific attacks, and advised on additional protection measures across the threat landscape. Resolved no less than five highly complex issues per day and mitigated against multiple threats for all customers. Successfully foiled a DDoS attack from anonymous using attack signatures that prevented a successful attack that uses LOIC(Low-orbit ion cannon) for all the affected customers.Technical Support SpecialistStarwood Hotels and Resorts - September 2011 to October 2011As a Technical Support Specialist, assisted with deploying and preparing a Windows 7 upgrade, transferred all data, accounts, and settings from old computer to the new one. Provided assistance to the IT department to comply with PCI and performed complete system audits of all the Austin PCs. Provided detailed analysis of other Operating Systems that provided additional security to the Head of Local IT.Technical AnalystWaste Management - February 2011 to August 2011As a Technical Analyst, assisted customer with their issues, escalated specialized or highly complex issues to appropriate team, and performed root cause analysis on email delivery and routing issues on both the client and the exchange server side. Consistently maintained a 3.9/4.0 customer satisfaction score.ContractorCisco - September 2010 to February 2011Technical Analyst 2As a Technical Analyst 2, executed diagnostics, troubleshot common and uncommon IT related issues, performed weekly and monthly tuning on all the telepresence rooms and conference rooms, performed moves, adds, changes, and deletes in Active directory and the datacenters, engaged vendors when equipment warranted repair and was under warranty.Field Service EngineerQualxserv - October 2008 to June 2010 ID-86691 DCSE-531128 IBMRTD07 IBMRDD07￼As a field service engineer, performed vendor warranty repairs on any Dell, Sony, and IBM/Lenovo laptop or desktop. Advised customers on better use habits too improve the device performance and extend the life of the equipment.Service EngineerSupport Soft - April 2008 to October 2008As a Service Engineer, provided general maintenance, cleaning, and troubleshooting computers using the remote desktop tool LogMeIn working from home and hiving multiple instances of virus removals occurring at once. Referred known hardware issues or OS formats and reinstalls to local personnel. Maintained high customer satisfaction ratings for every service performed.Technical AnalystUnisys - Austin, TX - February 2008 to April 2008Technical AnalystAs a technical analyst, I provided excellent support and adhered to company policies and processes. Consistently maintained 85% and above for customer surveys.Technical Support TechnicianDELL - April 2005 to October 2007Consumer Hardware Warranty Support - Technical Support Level 2 Badge 869459 DCSE-531128As a Technical Support Technician, assisted customer in resolving simple to moderately complex issues, provided system replacements, and used my consultative skills to help them purchase the perfect equipment for a specific use. Also assisted in determining fraud and theft when a supposed customer called in for support. Before the customer even knew her computer was missing.Certified Sales ConsultantProvided excellent service as a Certified Sales Consultant, I matched customer needs to specific technologies. Maintained excellent metrics throughout employment- close rate, and handled 12-14 calls per day Security Software Up-sell 30-40%.EDUCATIONAAS in Information SecurityAustin Community CollegeADDITIONAL INFORMATIONA bilingual, highly skilled IT Analyst seeking to leverage skills within a fast-paced computer organization with a wide range of experience including sales, computer configuration, systems administrator, systems engineer, network administrator as well as the management industry. Have owned my own computer repair business as a side job.SKILLSIntrusion Prevention and detection IPS and IDS - Tippingpoint WiresharkIncident Response Malware Analysis Tcpreplay & TcpdumpActive Directory MACD BAS and BES administration Signature creationDeep packet Inspection Python Scripting Programming C++OllyDbg and WinDBG Encase Immunity debuggersThreat Remediation/Mitigation Routers, switches, firewalls Gcc and gnu debugger Advanced TCP/IP and related protocols Information Security OS and Network SecurityLog aggregation and analysis Manual and Application Audit scans