Anirudh RamnathSoftware Developer - University of Illinois at ChicagoChicago, IL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Anirudh-Ramnath/431a27d488bae84b● Graduate Student with over 2 years of software development experience enthusiastic to learn and adapt to new technologies.● Full stack developer with proficiency in Java, PHP, web development, Big Data & building mobile applications.● Experience working in large-scale projects and distributed systems, with good knowledge of software engineering processes.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperUniversity of Illinois at Chicago - Chicago, IL - September 2014 to PresentDesigned a portal for accepting student applications, which handles more than 1500 registrations per academic term.● Created a custom framework in PHP for easy creation of web forms, which cut development time for latter projects by 50%.● Implemented error-tracking modules, which caught over 50 spam-bots and reduced the number of unreported errors by 90%.● Developed a module that converted all queries to Prepared Statements, to prevent SQL Injection on older versions of PHP.Software DeveloperTATA Consultancy Services Ltd - August 2012 to June 2014Developed and provided support for a warehouse management system, increasing the profits of the client by $16 million AUD.● Developed Java batch processes, and automated a tax reporting process, completely removing the requirement for manual work.● Modeled and built a task scheduler in Java, bringing the weekly batch job coverage to 100%.● Created RESTful web services, which provided APIs to retrieve most frequently accessed functional data. This enabled otherrelated projects to be built 50% faster as usage of these web services reduced code redundancy.● Used jQuery, jChartFX and Ajax to build hybrid HTML5 applications, which provided effective data visualizations of the warehouseinventory. The user interface was made responsive so that it worked on a wide range of mobile devices.Software DeveloperSymphony Services - January 2012 to March 2012Designed and developed a 'Discussion Forum' using Struts 2 and Hibernate, and delivered it 4 weeks before the deadline.● Optimized SQL statements on Java batch processes, which reduced the execution time by 75%.● Built an online test taking system for Symphony, which was accessed by 300 users and stored over 1000 questions.￼EDUCATIONBachelor of TechnologySASTRA University 2008 to 2012Master of Science in Information TechnologyUniversity of Illinois at Chicago - Chicago, ILADDITIONAL INFORMATION SKILLS● Programming: Java, JSP, PHP, SQL, Android, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, C, C++, Unix, XML ●MDatabases and tools: ySQL, MS SQL, Oracle 11g, MySQL Workbench, MySQL Query Browser, Oracle SQL Developer● Software Development Frameworks: Spring 3 MVC, Hadoop, J2EE, Spring Batch, Struts 1, Struts 2, EJB, Hibernate● JBoss, Apache Server, Apache Tomcat, IBM WebSphereApplication Servers: