Anthony Staveris Software Developer - Stellar ServicesNutley, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Anthony-Staveris/34ac5a071fbd4ee3WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperStellar Services (at Picatinney Arsenal) - Wharton, NJ - August 2013 to December 2014Product / Project ManagementApplications developed using Java/J2EE, Spring framework, Hibernate, OraclePL/SQL, SQLDeveloper, JDeveloper, Java libraries log4j, POI, Java IO, Java SQLDevelopment of the Product / Project Management Dashboard (PMD). Software provides tracking of products under development and in production, covering entire life cycle from development through production & acquisition to retirement, showing budget, cost and scheduling.Deployment of application to user testing and production environments, and subsequent support of application. Database development and maintenance: creating objects and administrative scripts.Software DeveloperFNT Solutions - Parsippany, NJ - April 2012 to April 2013Data Center Infrastructure ManagementApplications developed using Java/J2EE, OraclePL/SQL, XML/XSL, Eclipse & Flash ActionScript, Java libraries log4j, POI, Java IO, Java SQLDesign, develop and maintain company software product: Data Center Infrastructure Management software. Software enables companies to oversee their data centers at multiple perspectives: from entire campuses to individual device subcomponents.Designed and developed software that supported company's main products, such as specialized software modules to accomplish specific tasks. Projects included interfaces to various client components and data import / export between client databases.Senior Software EngineerTaxstream LLC / Thomson Reuters - Hoboken, NJ - July 2007 to November 2011Accounting and Auditing ServicesApplications developed using Java/J2EE, Spring Framework/MVC, Oracle PL/SQL, HTML, CSS, XML/XSL, JavaScript/ExtJS, Ajax, Net Beans & STS.Develop and modify tax-related software, including compliancy to FAS109 and FIN48 standards. Applications include Tax Provision, Global Access and Uncertain Tax Positions.Creation of Questionnaire feature for Tax Provision application. Feature enables clients to create questionnaires which can be accessed by their users. Clients can customize the type and arrangement of questions and responses, store and modify the questions, responses and questionnaires.Conversion of Global Access application from earlier domestic version to current internationalized version, which users can dynamically shift to their preferred language. Added capability to perform bulk imports and exports of tax categories and amounts as an alternative to manual entry and access.Ongoing support of Tax Provision, Global Access and Uncertain Tax Position applications.Programmer Analyst￼Capturepoint - Ridgewood, NJ - December 2005 to June 2007Design, develop & perform quality assurance on software applications.Applications developed using Cold Fusion, Oracle PL/SQL, SQL Server, XML/XSL, HTML, CSS & JavaScript. Created upload application for major client of Capturepoint. Client is a publisher with multiple public catalog websites & needed to automate upload process for products. Application replaces manual upload process, enabling rapid update of company's offerings, and provides new ability of security for specified sites. Enhanced shopping cart application for major client. Client wanted to provide to users the ability to browse for items on non-client partner websites, then check the clients website for those items, creating & maintaining a shopping cart for the users. Enhancement provides extended business opportunities for client & partners by pooling resources to create common shopping environment.Programmer AnalystAT&T - Middletown, NJ - August 2005 to December 2005Develop & maintain software applications.Applications developed using Cold Fusion, MS SQL Server, XML/XSL, HTML, CSS & JavaScript.Modified Project Overview application to provide enhanced search/sort capabilities. Users can now more efficiently locate and format required information.Modified Project Scheduling application to color-code each stage of a project & dynamically show/hide each stage Users now can quickly highlight desired aspects of a projects schedule & see completion amount of each stage.Enhanced Division Information application to accommodate divisions being added due to merger with major competitor. Application now handles data for original & newly added divisions.Researched & determined method to programmatically create Word documents with embedded, dynamically- created graphs/charts. Enhancement provides standard document type for all users, with visual data representation to accompany lists of numbers.Programmer AnalystTradewind Net Access - Bloomfield, NJ - April 2005 to August 2005Design & develop software applications.Applications developed using Cold Fusion, MS SQL Server, HTML, and JavaScript.Created additional access portal for major client of Tradewind. Client currently has several subdivisions, each with their own portal website, and requested new portals for customers in Canada & Australia. Application originally was customized for US only & can now accommodate not only the new portals but any future portals as well.Participated in development of Learning Management System for client of Tradewind. Client is a trade union that wants to offer classes to its members through its website. Provided new capabilities to client's website: scheduling & selection of classes, tracking of students' performance, as well as ability to manage content.Programmer AnalystWinMill Software - New York, NY - October 2004 to April 2005Design, develop & perform quality assurance of software & websites.Applications developed using MS SQL Server & Access, Cold Fusion, Visual Basic, Java, HTML, CSS & JavaScript.Performed upgrades to internal website for major client of Winmill. Client requested several major enhancements to their site, including better intra-page linkage, enhanced file transfer, improved error handling & reporting & improved online document searching. Application involved use & modification of Java applet to perform enhanced file uploading. Upgrade addressed user-created list of enhancements, providing more capabilities.Performed extensive testing & analysis of pension processing system for major client of Winmill. Analysis involved understanding business rules of system & suggesting improvements to process flow. Testing involved verifying performance & functionality of system. Provided end users with higher quality product.Enhanced website for client. Client is charitable organization, and website is their introduction to the organization & its work. Enhancements streamlined user access & made access more consistent.Rebuilt online sales website for client. Improved user accessibility, restructured database for greater flexibility & significantly enhanced speed of data search & display. Site now has greater ease of use, faster access, & extended information processing & storage.Performed upgrades to sports injuries tracking application for educational institution. Database was created with Access and User Interface was Visual Basic. Site now has consistent appearance & behavior on all pages, & is easier to navigate.Winmill website upgrade. Improved graphics & overall appearance of website, and upgraded / tested site navigation & user forum. Site is easier to navigate & has improved appearance.Programmer AnalystTradewind Net Access - Montclair, NJ - April 2004 to August 2004Design & develop software applications.Applications developed using Cold Fusion, ASP, MS SQL Server, HTML, CSS & JavaScript.Survey Portal & Administration application for client of Tradewind. Client can create their own surveys, with any number of questions & answers, then modify, activate & report on these surveys. Client may also assign groups & users to surveys. Provided client with ability to administer their own surveys with minimal outside involvement.Image Browser application for in-house use by company. Application provides full searching/sorting capabilities, as well as basic file management (add/update/delete). Application can operate either independently, or as part of a larger overall application. Application enables users to quickly store, locate & use images.Enhanced scheduling application for local air carrier. Database was MS SQL Server & User Interface was ASP. Site now has more easily navigable interface, as well as enhanced information content.Technical SupportR.R. Bowker - New Providence, NJ - September 2003 to February 2004Technical support of software applications.Assisted clients to resolve technical difficulties with company-proprietary software applications. Position required in-depth knowledge of Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) systems & practices.ConsultantVan Ryper House - Nutley, NJ - March 2003 to June 2003Design & develop website for historical conservation society. All work performed using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.Programmer AnalystSimon & Schuster / Pearson Education - Upper Saddle River, NJ - July 1998 to February 2002Application Analysis / Development - Design & develop applications for internal company-wide use. Responsible for full application life cycle, from obtaining user requirements to software testing & maintenance. Performed as Project Lead on most projects, except Analysis Tools & Softproofing.Applications developed using Cold Fusion, Oracle SQL / PLSQL, HTML, JavaScript, and Perl.Analysis Tools Tracking and Maintenance. Allows management to review sales data at all sales hierarchy levels. Users can view each level as either summary or detail, with an Excel worksheet for each web page.Application used CF stored procedure calls to access Oracle. Provided management with more accurate & recent sales data.Sales Representative Locator. Displays information on sales reps by either name or school. Users can list all sales reps in a given area, or all areas for a given rep. Provided management with easier salesperson & sales area interface.E-Rap Softproofing System. Routes publication documents among designated groups for review & update. Included functions are upload / download of documents with a main server, automatic email notification of document routing & creation of multiple versions of routings. Provided editorial department with an easier method of document sharing, enabling quicker product development.International Inventory Management. Displays data on in-stock & in-transit inventory for Pearson locations worldwide. Provided users with faster inventory tracking.Standardized Cold Fusion error handling & reporting modules, used in all projects. Modules automatically email notices to developers if errors occur, enabling quicker response.Scott Foresman Exhibits Planning. Enables users to plan, direct & evaluate product & service exhibitions. Functions include attendee assignment, accommodation requesting, exhibit display & agenda specification details & exhibit evaluation. Replaced manual method of planning exhibits with faster, easier online method. Course Code Information. Displays information about publications, organized by category & retrievable by either identification numbers or names. Further organizes data by sales divisions within the company, enabling users to see listings for specific areas or titles. Enabled quicker lookups of product information.Mailing Lists Database. Produces lists of potential clients for Pearson publications. Select clients by academic category, with resulting lists produced as either text or MS Excel worksheets. (Originally written in C, this was migrated to Cold Fusion & Perl). Enabled quicker production of lists of potential target clients for salespeople.EDUCATIONBS in Computer ScienceFairleigh Dickinson University - Teaneck, NJMS in Computer ScienceMontclair State University - Upper Montclair, NJ Chubb Institute - Parsippany, NJADDITIONAL INFORMATIONQualifications:Extensive experience in all aspects of application development.Willing learner, like to acquire new skills & constantly updating my skills.Persistent and innovative problem solver, including revisiting and optimizing previous work. Able to explain technical issues / details clearly for non-technical people.Technical Knowledge:Languages: HTML, XML/XSL, CSS, JavaScript including ExtJS and Ajax, SQL, Java/J2EE, C# Software: Spring Framework & MVC, HibernateNetBeans, Visual Studio, JDeveloper and Springsource Tool Suite Development Environments Oracle SQL Plus and PL/SQL (Oracle versions 10 and 11)SQL Server and TOAD database access packagesTeam Foundation Server file sharing and versioning platformTomcat and WebLogic application serversOperating Systems:MS WindowsProtocols: Understanding of SOAP and REST