Anthony Jaworski Network AdministratorOshkosh, WI - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Anthony-Jaworski/9b0f54b35e2538a5Relationship-oriented Network Systems Administrator, IT Support Technician, and Business Analyst whose goal is to help organizations stay ahead of the curve in terms of technological innovations that assist them in meeting their organization’s mission. Expert professional who's influence ensures all stakeholders are aligned and fully trained with new technology. Consulting services with large and small businesses to find the right solutions for their business and office culture.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorKimberly Area School District - Combined Locks, WI - September 2014 to November 2014Network AdministratorSeptember 2014 to November 2014 Kimberly Area School District〓 Managed operations and administration of networking hardware and software.〓 Managed network operations, performance, security, DHCP, DNS, AD, GP, storage, SANS, controllers backups, wireless access points, UPS, upgrades, and patches〓 Made repairs and upgrades to network equipment firmware, drives, power supplies, san storage, and temperature, and power supplies.〓 Applied upgrades and patches to servers and softwareIT CoordinatorWeyauwega Fremont School District - Weyauwega, WI - April 2004 to September 2014Responsibilities〓 Designed, implemented, and managed district-wide 5-year plan to build initial phone and network infrastructure, stay updated with current technologies, and provide better end-user secure access to the network.〓 Rebuilt relationship-orientated technology with end users by integrating technology to enhance flexibility, training, and convenience which fit into operations and culture of staff and teachers.〓 Built entire network of 6 labs, 500 computer devices, 15 servers, phone, and security from the ground up. 〓 Moved from wired to wireless network and from computer based software to web applications.〓 Standardized purchasing that resulted in strategic budgeting and increased computer productivity saving the department $55,000 per year.〓 Reduced overall number of printers to centralized copiers and printers reducing downtime and increase of efficiency both in time and resources.〓 Integrated systems to improve academic outcomes.〓 Added labs to allow more time for teachers and students to access technology for academic projects and assignments.〓 Proposed, sourced, and implemented standards-based grading software (Skyward) that strategically defined student outcomes in line with Common Core State Standards.〓 Increased efficiency, productivity collaborations and control with network function and resources〓 35% increase in teacher productivity by moving to web based software format to allow users to access applications from any device or operating system.〓 Increased collaborations through combining resources with email, cloud apps, phone, printers, and storage. 〓 Implemented 1:1 mobile technology pilot in Elementary.￼〓 Upgraded infrastructure of network second layer devices to allow for faster connections and larger capacity bandwidth.〓 Ensured all stakeholders were trained in using new IPad and Chromebooks and technology was integrated into the curriculum before delivering to students.EDUCATIONB.S. in AccountingUW-Oshkosh State University - Oshkosh, WI 1990 to 1992Associate in MIS Network SpecialistFox Valley Technical College - Oshkosh, WI May 1982SKILLSNetwork Administrator for PC’s, laptops, Chromebook, and iPads | Network platforms, Novell 6.5, SUSE Linux, VMWare 5.5, Windows Servers R2 2008 & 2012 | Sonicwall Firewall, VPN, controller, filtering, sonicpoints wireless access | iBoss Internet filter Cisco, HP Procurve, and Extreme network switches | Enterasys network switches controllers for wireless access points | Barracuda appliances for firewall, VPN, and Internet bandwidth load balancers | Nagios monitoring software network equipment and performance | SCCM 2012 for endpoint, windows updates, imaging, and deployed software | Network Administrator for 50 Servers Managed network operations for up to 5,500 users | Desktop operations Win 7 & 8, and Microsoft Office XP to 2013 | Mitel 3300 system, NuPoint for Unified Messaging and voicemail. phones 5230 and 5330 | Network printer operations and configuration for HP, Xerox, Canon, Kyocera, and Konica Minolta Copiers | Administered and monitored DHCP, LDAP, DNS, GOP, and AD on | HP 2000 FC SAN | Microsoft Server 2012 R2 | Managed, ZCM, deploy applications to users, GP, User Administration | Coordinate and design all network operations for LAN, Security Cameras, Wireless, VOIP, and Smartphones’s | MDM moved Chromebooks and iPads into Meraki Cloud Base Mobile management | Configured Helpdesk ticket system using Spiceworks | Troubleshooting of network, hardware, and software | Performed firmware and software releases and addendum | Managed security of IP cameras and server and storage maintenance | Administration of Symantec Endpoint Protections | Administration of Symantec Backup Exec 2014 | Unitrends Backup Administration | Inventoried all network equipment using Spiceworks and Excel spreadsheets | Wrote RFP’s for replacement network, computer equipment, and software equipment | Rotations of all hardware on a 3, 5, and 7 year cycle | Migrated users from GroupWise Email to Google Email and AppsLINKS https://www.linkedin.com/pub/tony-jaworski/3/9a1/361CERTIFICATIONSCertified Visualization Expert CVEJune 2011 to PresentCertified in VMware network operations for VSphere, V-Motion, ESXi Hosts, and V-Center￼