Arun YannamSoftware Developer - Sabre Hospitality SolutionsBedford, MA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Arun-Yannam/632f34544d73bbb9• 6+ years of experience as Software Developer and Analyst• 6+ years of experience in analysis and design development of client/server, which are web based and n- tier applications• Skillful in developing windows applications, web applications and web services in Microsoft Visual Studio• Extensive experience in Language integrated Query.• Developed modules in ASP.NET and have been involved in writing C# classes.• Extensive programming experience using ASP.NET 2.0, VB.NET, HTML and C#.• Created custom site pages, lists, views and master pages adding asp controls.• Advanced skills in configuring Security, Privacy and Permission settings at .NET and Database levels, as well as managing Active Directory server and synchronizing user profiles• Database experience with MySQL, Windows Server, SQL Server, SQL Server 2005, SQL Server 2008 r2 and Oracle 9i• Good working knowledge in designing Use Cases, Class, Sequence, State, Component, Deployment, Activity diagrams using UML• Experience in supporting and maintaining graduate computer lab• Designed and coded logic and Database layers in .Net, C#, XML, C++ and Python.• Good working knowledge with designer tools on Microsoft Visio• Good knowledge and exposure on WPF and Silverlight.• Can create and maintain Oracle databases in IBM-AIX, Linux and WindowsWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperSabre Hospitality Solutions - Watertown, MA - August 2014 to Present t 2014Hospitality Solutions provides distribution, operations and marketing solutions to the hotel industry. Delivered primarily through a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) model, Hospitality Solutions is used by more than 18,000 properties around the world. Its integrated reservations systems, property management system, distribution and marketing services help hotels increase revenues, identify savings, and improve customer service.• Gathered business requirements, provided architecture and design for module• Responsible for development of Web Application.• Analyzed and designed new .NET Web, Batch and WCF application from design to completion stage. • Created design documents, technical specifications - UML class diagrams.• Involved in creating web methods for web service.• Utilized ADO.NET technology extensively for data retrieving, querying and storage.• Unit testing of the fixes and enhancements.• Implemented changes to the systems.• Worked on various challenging enhancements which indeed help me build my skills..Net DeveloperSabre Hospitality Solutions, Watertown - MA - August 2014 to PresentSoftware Developer￼Stealth Bits Technologies - March 2013 to July 2014STEALTHbits is all about data - Collecting data, analyzing data, protecting data.Enabling our customers to harness the power of their data and derive information by which to make decisions, solve problems, and streamline business processes is what we do best, and what we've been doing for over a decade.• Worked on C# and .net and dealt in developing many applications for the company• Involved in interacting with business analysts, other developers and management to develop the application. • Extensively worked on ADO.NET Entity Framework for developing core data layers for the distributed applications• Involved in developing web applications using ASP.NET AJAX toolkit.• Created WCF service to retrieve the policy information.• Utilized ASP.NET validation controls and JavaScript to perform client side validation.• Used Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) for a unified look and feel of the application• Used ADO.NET for data retrieving, querying, storage and manipulation.• Good experience in using Visual Studio, SQL Server, SharePoint, python and Delphi.• Dealt with customers and gained very good experience in analyzing the issues from the customer point of view and helped me improve my skills.• Worked on various projects which helped me develop my technical skills.• Involved in Working with the development teams and actively participated in the enhancements of the product • Have played an active role in the architecture of the product• Collaboration with developers, QA and product owners and prioritize needs and produce high quality.• Implemented changes to the processing systems and interfaces.• Worked on various enhancements which indeed help me build up my way of thinking.Environment: Delphi, Visual Studio 2010, SQL Server, Web Services.Software EngineerChaparral Medical Group - Pomona, CA - September 2011 to February 2013Chaparral Medical Group is a 60 Physician multi-specialty group that serves various communities in Southern California. An intranet web portal is developed, which allows the physicians to provide efficient, effective care to patients affected with chronic diseases. Using the portal, physicians can access medical records and recent test results of patient. The unified web portal was secured, selectively accessible, easy to maintain. Data integrity within the system was preserved effectively.• Involved in requirements analysis, development, testing, deployment and post production support.• Prepared Use Cases, Sequence Diagrams and Activity Diagrams required for System.• Responsible for coding applications in different layers such as Data access and business layer Using C#, ADO.Net, ASP.Net, LINQ.• Used ASP. NET validation controls like Custom, Compare, Regular Expression and Range Validations to do Server side and client side validationADDITIONAL INFORMATION TECHNICAL SKILLSOperating System: Windows, HP Unix, Red Hat Linux, MacintoshLanguages: C++, C#, Java, Perl, HTML, XML, ASP.NET, VB.Net and Java Script Application Tools: MS OFFICE, SQL Developer, Eclipse, Delphi and Visual Studio Database: Oracle, MySql, Linux SQL Server