Ashwini Pathak .NET/MVC DeveloperOverland Park, KS - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ashwini-Pathak/445ac7ef5d8bfa4bSUMMARY● Focused and detail-oriented Software Engineer offering exceptional troubleshooting skills and a talent for developing innovative solutions to unusual and difficult problems.● Highly dependable Software Engineer and enthusiastic team player dedicated to streamlining processes and efficiently resolving project issues.● Expert Software Developer dedicated to constantly improving tools and infrastructure to maximize productivity, minimize system downtime and quickly respond to the changing needs of the business.● Knowledgeable in User Interface Design /Testing, Debugging & Documentation/ User Training and Support/ Business Logic & Database Design/ Full Life cycle software Development.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperGeneral Dynamics IT - Lawrence, KS - August 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesMVC Developer (servicesonline.opm.gov site)● Worked mainly on the “My Annuity” and “Benefits” pages to create the following functionalities:● Change mailing address and email address;● Change password;● Establish, change, or stop a checking or savings allotment;● Establish, change, or stop an allotment to an organization;● Print ID cards from the Services Online screen;● Request duplicate annuity booklets via US Mail;● Request a duplicate Form 1099-R;● Start, change, or stop federal and state income tax withholdings;● Start direct deposit of your payment or change the account or financial institution to which your payment is sent;● View a statement describing annuity payment.SQL developer / Production support AdministratorThe E-rate program helps telecommunications and information services more affordable to schools and libraries in America. ERATE delivers IT enterprise solutions to manage large-scale, mission-critical IT programs and provides mission support services.● Worked mainly on test and production servers, responsibilities were included:● To run letter files every daily and quarterly;● Make sure printing job is moving on servers;● Start all applications on server after patching is done;● Make changes in database whenever needed;● Provide technical solutions and help run letter files to user side. Environment: ASP.NET, MVC5, C#, SQL Server, HTML, CSS.Net Developer￼Analyst International Corporation (AIC) - Kansas City, MO - February 2014 to August 2014• The state government of Kansas is converting their applications from Lotus Notes to ASP.NET websites. Other duties include the conversion of many applications to the new platform.• Write and debug web applications used by the Kansas Department of Revenue using ASP.NET, CSS, JavaScript, SQL Server, and SSRS.• Currently responsible for creating websites for motor vehicle registration, taxation and state law.• Duties also include writing automated programs (daemons and console applications) which automate tasks such as report creation and delivery, as well as automated notifications.• Involved in developing WCF Web Service using SOAP/HTTP communicating and providing real time data from integrated server to Client Application..Net DeveloperSaicon Consulting - October 2013 to January 2014• Developed a commercially available log parser for BMC Remedy AR Server logs, for files that can be several GB in size.• The parser can be customized with the use of a Single XML based data file, to which various conditions and wild cards can be coded.• The parser will be publicly made available during BMC’s ITSM application suite Remedy User Group meeting in October of 2014.• The tool contains several features like allowing parsing out only keywords, particular user log entries, pointing errors and creating several savable configurations that can be invoked by a single click of a button.• The Log Parser 2.0 will feature color coding HTML output, using XSLT / XML, for ease of reading and server side debugging of parsed log files..Net DeveloperConsolidated Label Company - February 2012 to September 2013Responsibilities• Designed and created the web site.• Maintained and improved multiple proprietary internal web applications primarily written in VB and ASP.NET combined with SQL for data storage.• Became responsible for training junior developers, passing along features and defects, and determining project priority.• Created or improved various custom Windows Applications and windows Services for tasks such as automated emails, document printing, file managementSkills UsedC#, ASP.NET 2.0 & 3.5, ADO.NET, AJAX, LINQ, Visual Studio 2008, SQL, SQL Server 2005, SSMSE 2005, Database Design, XHTML, SOAP and CSS 2.0EDUCATIONMasters of Business AdministrationWebster University - Kansas City, MO 2011Masters of Science in FinanceWebster University - Kansas City, MOSKILLSC#, ASP.NET, MVC, Bootstrap, AngularJS, HTML5, SQL 2008LINKS http://www.linkedin.com/pub/ashwini-pathak/66/347/2a4/ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTRAINING :• Crystal Reports 2008/2011 Designer• Business Analysis for the IT Professional• Microsoft MTA Certification in C#.NET and SQL Server• Programming in .NET 4.0 using C#• Oracle R12 ERP training (Finance and Accounting modules).• COBOL and Java 1.0/1.1, University of North Florida, Jacksonville, Florida.• Microsoft Office - Outlook, SharePoint, Excel, Word, PowerPoint. MS-Access. • Basic Structured Query Language (SQL)• Fox Pro, Clipper, Lotus￼