Ayman Barghouti Software Developer - Sempra Energy- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ayman-Barghouti/4fa074ef500382c2WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperSempra Energy - San Diego, CA - 2014 to PresentJoined as a contractor to develop and maintain web and enterprise software applications for the electric utilities division. Responsibilities include the development and support of MyPartners web portal for San Diego Gas and Electric (SDG&E); implementation and delivery of IBM's suite of planning and analysis software for internal and corporate customers; production and application support of Oracle's project and contract management software for a diverse client base. Accomplishments include:• Take ownership of the MyPartners Portal application, a Struts/JSP framework running on • Apache/Weblogic servers, and implement a number of enhancements and bug fixes. Changes included modifying code to remove legacy hosted application; enhance user capability to modify profiles; and fix build stability issues• Implement a planning, analysis, and reporting software solution for internal and corporate customers using IBM Cognos TM1 and BI. Work included hosting, configuration, and performance-tuning of a multi-tier distributed environment across Windows 2012 servers.• Application and production support for a project and contract management solution using Oracle PrimaveraSoftware EngineerHewlett Packard - San Diego, CA - 2010 to 2014Member of the customer-facing R&D team in charge of development and maintenance of IT Service Management solution (SM). Responsibilities included defect fixing, product feature enhancements, and automation projects to simplify development and testing processes. Accomplishments include:• Completed various product feature improvements that included: Re-factoring of the multithreading in Java layer that improved SM start-up performance; enhance memory and resource consumption for handling large XML-DOM payload; Improve Exception handling for web services requests in C++ based native layer of SM; and most significantly modified Knowledge Management (KM) layer of Service Manager to replace web service callbacks with JavaScript API that improved performance by up to 50% of KM document indexing operation• As a sustaining engineer, implemented 40+ defect-fixes and handled various customer escalations and critical issues. Interacted and guided customers through acute problems such as occasional product failures and system instability impacting hundreds of users. Received commendations internally and from customers on level of responsiveness and quality handling• Worked on various automation projects and tasks to streamline internal development processes and improve productivity. Updated Maven/Ant build scripts to improve code portability and deployment which led to saving developers time, and used Perl to synchronize Perforce workspace from Windows to Linux/Unix environments • Most recently, transitioned to Enterprise Services division to work on healthcare delivery products. Became main implementation engineer for an electronic prescription system (ePrescribe); work entailed hosting, deploying, and configuring of 2 multi-tiered application servers; an IIS/SQL Server based web tier, and a Weblogic/Oracle middle-ware. The end result allowed thousands of Texas health care providers to transact prescriptions electronicallySoftware Engineer￼CA, Inc - Santa Barbara, CA - 1998 to 2008Integral member of development and sustaining engineering teams for CA's software configuration management (SCM) product line. Worked on key projects to develop server-side products for SCM solution to become distributed, multithreaded, and higher performing. Transitioned to sustaining engineering team and worked on code enhancements and fixes to improve product stability, scale, and concurrency. Achievements included:• Developed back-end products to support remote program execution launched by SCM clients. Work entailed expanding current C++ class structure to handle client programs sent over a messaging queue. Interface was then written in C to implement child process execution and handling for such programs. Development was done using Visual Studio and Sun Studio IDEs• Implemented multithreading support for file agent product to enhance concurrency and performance. Work entailed creating a new C++ interface in our back-end daemon program to create threads for each client request. Interface was POSIX compliant on Unix/Linux, and using Win32 thread API for Windows• Maintained Java web interface for SCM product; modified and updated JSP/HTML code to address product defects and customer issues• Early on with CA, I was a member of design/development group for storage management solution. Worked as lead developer of X-Windows based UI applications, and also partially responsible for doing build integration and release management for the nascent productEDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Electrical EngineeringSan Diego State UniversityADDITIONAL INFORMATION Qualifications➢ 10+ years of experience in development, maintenance, and implementation of enterprise software solutions ➢ Very proficient in object-oriented analysis and development using Java and C++➢ Excellent in system analysis and troubleshooting skills, and delivering on quality customer experience➢ Currently working on being an IEEE certified software developer professionalTechnical ProficienciesLanguages: Java/J2EE, C/C++, Perl, SOAP/XML, SQLTools: Eclipse, Visual Studio, Maven/Ant, SOAPUI, SQL Developer, OpenLDAP, Autosys Source Control: Perforce, Subversion, HarvestWeb and App Servers: Apache/Tomcat, Microsoft IIS, Oracle WeblogicDatabases: Oracle, SQL Server, MySQLPlatforms: Unix/Linux, Windows