Brandon HatchellGraphic Designer, IT Networking - COMPUTER REPAIRBennettsville, SC - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Brandon-Hatchell/dc28c8d92cf224d5WORK EXPERIENCEGraphic Designer, IT NetworkingCOMPUTER REPAIR - February 2005 to PresentCAT 5 and Fiber Optics installationMASSAGE THERAPY - Swedish, Shiatsu, Footwork, Tapotement, Sports Therapy, AromatherapySupervisor Anita Clark or Glenn DowdyCOMPUTER REPAIR - Bennettsville, SC - November 2008 to December 2013Pharmacy Technician, Advertising and Marketing, Computer Repair, DME Sales, Graphic Design.• Counted Medicine for patients and advised patients on use for taking medication and side effects. • Executed daily operations of LED Signs and Pharmacy Prescription fills• Wrote and designed marketing images and graphics for use onBillboards and led signs.• Was instrumental in helping the business grow and getting the businesses name out for the public to see.• Talked with customers on sales floor and by phone.• Trained and managed employees for use of computer systems and any new products we received in and achieved significant improvements in their productivity.• Estimated date of delivery to customers, based on knowledge of own pharmacy's production and delivery schedules.• Prepared reports of business transactions and kept expense accounts.• Structured and maintained the pharmacy s inventory on all medicines received and placed new orders every day.Sales, CSR, DMECOMPUTER REPAIR - Kinston, NC - June 2007 to July 2008durable medical equipment), Delivery, Warehouse storage and cleaning• Was instrumental in helping the business grow and getting the businesses name out for the public to see.• Talked with customers on sales floor and by phone.• Managed medical equipment installation for customers in their home.• Talked with customers on sales floor and by phone.• Estimated date of delivery to customers, based on knowledge of own pharmacy s production and delivery schedules.• Counted Medicine for patients and advised patients on use for drug and side effects.PHARMACY TECHNICIAN, DME, ADVERTISING AND MARKETING, CASHIER, CSR, SALES, COMPUTER REPAIRCOMPUTER REPAIR - Bennettsville, SC - August 2004 to February 2007GRAPHIC DESIGN• Counted Medicine for patients and advised patients on use for taking medication and side effects • Executed daily operations of LED Signs and Pharmacy Prescription fills￼• Wrote and designed marketing images and graphics for use on billboards and led signs.• Was instrumental in helping the business grow and getting the businesses name out for the public to see.• Talked with customers on sales floor and by phone• Trained and managed employees for use of computer systems and any new products we received in and achieved significant improvements in their productivity.• Estimated date of delivery to customers, based on knowledge of own Pharmacy's production and delivery schedules• Prepared reports of business transactions and kept expense accounts.• Structured and maintained the pharmacy's inventory on all medicines received and placed new orders every day