Brendan WalshWeb Developer - Options Clearing CorporationChicago, IL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Brendan-Walsh/6fc96e590a85701aTo obtain a java developer position in the city of Chicago. I am not willing to relocate. I am open to both front end web developer and backend java developer opportunities.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperOptions Clearing Corporation - Chicago, IL - May 2012 to PresentArea of Expertise: Internet Services-Internal/External Websites• Participate in all aspects of the software development life cycle• Provide analysis and estimates for new work• Implement OSGI bundles as necessary for Adobe CQ• HTML, Javascript and JQuery for client side web development• Off hours support for production issues as well as installations• Implement/update batch processes in UC4• Perform code reviews in Crucible for other Web Developers• Mitigate security vulnerabilities discovered by yearly 3rd party security assessmentProject highlights:• Perforce Upgrade 6 months• We rely on Perforce to manage content for 3 of our websites. When I first started in 2012 the software hadn't been updated since 2007. I worked with the Unix team to back up the existing content repositories, run update scripts and then reincorporate all of our existing content. I came up with a plan that would be the least obtrusive to our production website updating procedure. This project was the groundwork to implementing secure connections for Perforce which had previously been flagged as a security concern. I led that project as well.• Website Weekly Recycle Automation 6 months• Our website that runs on the Adobe CQ framework has been plagued with a memory leak issue from the time it was implemented. The issue was related to the framework and not the code we implemented. As a result we were recycling the application just under once a month to clear up the memory. This was resulting in a lot of manual intervention. I worked with our automation team (UC4) to create a set of jobs that would stop and start our website one server at a time once a week. The job plan makes sure the site is in a valid state before starting the job and also that each step runs properly. It generates alerts and emails respective parties of any issues. These jobs are now also used during server maintenance and disaster recovery exercises.• Email Subscription Service 3 months• I wrote a backend service for our educational website that allows users to register their email address within MailChimp from our site. This allows them to opt into future mailings based on specific subject matter. This service was written as an OSGI bundle so that it could be used within the Adobe CQ framework. I wrote all methods required so that front end developer could do everything that was required from the subscription form. • Security Defects 9 months• Every year we have a 3rd party firm vulnerability test our websites. As a result of this we get a full report on all vulnerabilities for each site. I was tasked with reviewing all these findings and coming up with a plan to remediate. I created and executed a project plan to remediate defects such cross-site scripting, cross-frame scripting, autocomplete and persistent cookies.￼Programmer AnalystFIS - Milwaukee, WI - January 2006 to May 2012Area of Expertise: Middleware Application-Enterprise Imaging• Design, develop and test interfaces to various vendors to retrieve electronic images• Work on enterprise messaging service to help consumer applications communicate with third party vendors- Applications are Java based and run within a WebSphere environment• Unix based scripts for batch processing• 5+ years experience in J2EE development, mostly with servlets but JSP as well• Dealt with XML schemas as well as translations using Altova products (XMLSpy and Mapforce)• HTML and Javascript for client side web development• SQL and Oracle experience including oracle 9i, 10g and 11g• Experience working with Websphere applications (5 and 6.1) running on UNIX servers.• Mentored two employees to turn over knowledge on the application on which I was the subject matter expert • Performed code reviews for more junior level coworkers• Used Harvest to deploy applications to Unix servers• Off hours support including oncall support as well as code release supportProject highlights:• Estatement Notification 6 months• I led a project to design a notification system for emailing consumer electronic banking users. The project followed all relative federal guidelines for statement delivery and availability. Statement data was collected and then, before delivery, the statements were validated against a database of enrolled customers for added security. The system was designed with flexibility and configurability in mind such that notifications could be delivered either by email or from within the web application.• Enterprise Imaging Reporting 9 months• I was responsible for hardware scaling within our application. In order to appropriately identify scaling bottlenecks I created a reporting system for our application. The reporting system reads through all our database twins and records performance related data. It separates the information out by bank as well as generates overall totals in order to be able to track usage trends within the application. This data allowed me to more accurately plan the scaling of our application.• General Document Viewer 2 years• Created a user interface to allow bank level users to search through electronic loan documents. The UI provided a uniform experience that would allow users to search across available loan documents via account number or SSN. It would gather the results and present them back to the uniform in a neatly presented HTML tree. Each item in the tree was then a link that the users could click to view actual PDF's of the loan documents they were interested in.• Web services• Worked on various web service based projects. For one particular project, I had to call a web service to retrieve an electronic check image. Used WSDL2JAVA to create the appropriate java stub classes for the web service. Then using those stubs I was able to send the web service as well as parse through the response and retrieve the binary data for the check image.EDUCATIONBachelors of Science in Management of Computer SystemsUW-Whitewater - Whitewater, WI 2000 to 2005SKILLSJava, JSP, J2EE, JavaScript, SQL, HTML, CSS, XML, XSLT, JQuery, UNIXADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL SKILLS:Languages/Concepts: Java, JSP, J2EE, JavaScript, SQL, HTML, CSS, XML, XSLT, JQuery, UNIX, SOA Relevant software experience: IBM WebSphere, Eclipse, PLSQL, Oracle, DB2, Tomcat, Harvest Source control, Remedy Incident/Change management, SVN, UC4, Perforce, Adobe AEM/CQ, Rational Application Developer, SpringSTS, Cygwin, Squirrel