Brian PyeCollinsville, IL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Brian-Pye/206d988d30b34be6Web Developer with experience in taking a project from start to finish (Frontend & Backend development) • Ranked in the top 3 website design companies of St Louis MO in 2013 by thumbtack.com• Experience with Mobile sites• Client and Server side development• Designs and develops IPhone Apps• MySQL development experience• Custom built websites• Javascript / Ajax/ jquery development experience • PHP development experience• Follows clean coding practices• Cross browser development• Extensive user interface design• GoogleMaps Version 3 API experience• Experience with PayPal and using PayPal's IPN • Approved software publisher on the cnet website • Ranked expert on the experts exchange websiteWORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperFreelance (self employed) - Collinsville, IL - January 2009 to PresentResponsibilities• Design and develop world class websites/e-commerce websites with CMS for local customers.• Specialize in full AJAX websites & full Flash websites with MySQL databases.• Experienced in Object Oriented Programming.• Experienced using HTML HTML5 CSS CSS3 and the following programming languages: c, Objective c, JavaScript, VBA, SQL, VB, Flash ActionScript 3, PHP• Develop and design using XCode, Flash Professional, Dreamweaver, Visual Studio, Illustrator, Fireworks, Photoshop, After Effects. Visual Studio 2008 & 2010, access 2008 & 2010, phpMyAdmin, (Cpanel)• Pull addresses from MySQL Database using JavaScript and PHP, and plot geographically with GoogleMaps vs.3 API. Geographically plot distances in relation to a radius.• Freelance company webpage www.pyelive.com37F Psychological Operation SpecialistArmy ReservesResponsibilities• Evaluated and analyzed intelligence, psychological operation studies and estimates to determine psychological operation targets. Identified psychological vulnerabilities and susceptibilities of psychological operation targets. Planed and advised on PSYOP in direct and general support of support forces. Assisted in planning identification, mobilization and deployment of PSYOP resource. Supervised PSYOP dissemination and delivery sections and teams. Advised supported commands on psychological considerations of planning operations. Assisted supported units in strategic target strikes.• Additional Skills earned while serving in unit: 63B Light-Wheel Mechanic & Qualification/ license for operation and mission planning of WSADS (wind supported air delivery system) aircraft.￼11B SOCOM ParatrooperUS Army 82 Airborne, Ft. Bragg NCResponsibilitiesTrained for and conducted MOUT (military operations in urban terrain), and Airborne Operations.EDUCATIONBS (not completed) in Electrical and computer engineeringswic - Belleville, ILSKILLSobjective c, javascript, php, mysql, ajax, jquery, html, html5, css, css3, actionscript 3, vb, vba