Chad SteinCisco Certified Networking Administrator - Microsoft Server and ExchangeFort Hood, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Chad-Stein/b8224f257289357dInstalls, operates, and performs unit maintenance on multi-functional/multi-user information processing systems and peripheral equipment and auxiliary devices. Troubleshoots automation equipment and systems to the degree required for isolation of malfunctions to specific hardware or soft ware. Assists in the design, preparation, editing, and testing of computer programs. Troubleshoots software using established debugging procedures.WORK EXPERIENCECisco Certified Networking AdministratorMicrosoft Server and Exchange - January 2015 to PresentCisco VOIP, Security + and DoD Specific Communications Systems.• Ability to integrate information security technology best practices with a detailed level of understanding of the management of information security risk.• Analyzing hardware, software, peripheral equipment and technical issues, evaluating alternatives, and making recommendations based on findings.• Capabilities of computer systems, including networked environments and peripheral devices.Operations SpecialistUnited States Army - Fort Hood, TX - June 2013 to January 2015Managed and analyzed over 30 time critical tasking's per month for successful distribution for over 2,000 employees.• Selected 2 consecutive years in a row over 500 peers to be nominated as top performer in Task Force Medical Vibrant response training exercise.• Conducted quarterly Equal Opportunity and HAZMAT training for over 100 employees, peers and leaders.ManagerAllergy/Immunization Clinic - June 2011 to June 2013United States Army - Landstuhl, Germany• Oversaw 305 patient visits, 90 allergy tests and procedures; clinic generated 1,573 Relative Value Units (RVU); exceeded target by 11%, total gain of $49,000.• Standardized clinic screening sheets using Lean Six Sigma (LSS) methodology; improved patient satisfaction and decreased patient wait time by 40%.• Exercised prudent practices while managing medical and pharmaceutical supply and inventory assets for annual clinic budget of $2.2 million.• Recognized by Air Force leadership and received Commander's coin for excellence in execution of immunization for 100% of LRMC Air Force 356 personnel within 3 weeks.• Order over $300,000 worth of supplies through Defense Medical Logistics Standard Support (DMLSS) annually.• Organized the acquisition and implementation of bar code scanning system; enabled rapid entry of immunizations into multiple systems, reducing 85% data entry errors.Manager of Internal Medicine/Oncology￼United States Army - June 2010 to June 2011By analyzing and collecting data on purchasing costs on supplies, Resulted in cost reduction by over $50,000 annually using Lean Six Sigma (LSS) Green Belt.• Assisted in process improvement in the clinic, instituting new processes resulting in 20% faster documentation.• Maintained 99% patient satisfaction rate in Internal Medicine/Oncology.• Ordered over $400,000 worth of supplies for 2 different clinics through Defense Medical Logistics Standard Support (DMLSS) annually.• Selected to be on a Defense Medical Human Resources System - Internet (DMHRSI) lean six-sigma black belt project for better documentation to improve Relative Value.• Managed 24 employees including doctors, RNs, technicians and civilians.EDUCATIONB.SCentral Texas College - Fort Hood, TX May 2014 to PresentADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkills• Equal Opportunity • Time Management • Microsoft Suite• Lean Six Sigma (Green Belt) • Network Security • International experience