Chris Smith PHP DeveloperEast Troy, WI - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Chris-Smith/768d60f46081bff4More than 7 years programming and application development experience. Seeking a career that uses modern OOP practices and challenges employees daily with unique challenges.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperLiturgical Publications, Inc. - New Berlin, WI - July 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesEach day begins with a standing meeting followed by one hour of straight coding. I program in Javascript, PHP, and also unit test the applications we are writing. The code that we produce is under heavy scrutiny from a leading open source developer that works with us. After deploying code from QA to staging then production I play a support role on help desk and squash the minimal bugs that come through.Accomplishments- Writing and designing an internal facing API- Reduced load time on web application by reducing assets - Implemented autocomplete feature on application- Performed weekly code reviews with other developersSkills UsedAbstract problem solving, making reusable pieces of code, and identifying the abstract problem before tackling it.School Board ClerkEast Troy Community School Board - East Troy, WI - April 2014 to PresentPerformed school board related duties. Responsible for signing all school related contracts. Participate in negotiations and act as a voting board member on all policies.PHP DeveloperCGSmith.net, LLC - Mukwonago, WI - November 2009 to November 2014-Experienced working with the PHP frameworks, OOP, and MVC methodologies -Successfully built and launched E-commerce sites for national stores-Streamlined E-commerce sites for external fulfillment, usability improvements, and SEM -Ran and maintained two collocated Linux servers in a data center.-Troubleshot stack and resolved issues-Utilized PHPUnit and started implementing Jenkins for CI-Extensive endpoint integrations utilizing SOAP/REST/XML-Proficient in PHP, jQuery/javascript, SQL, HTML, CSS, C-Minor Proficiencies in C++, Python, Perl, Bash, .NET-Familiar with Yii and Symfony frameworks while utilizing Composer for package managementIT Manager/Controls Engineer/PHP ProgrammerTotal Mechanical, Inc. - Pewaukee, WI - July 2004 to August 2011￼- Maintained over 100 machines and 150 offsite employees on Microsoft network - Installed, maintained, and programmed mechanical equipment- Bid projects and commissioned buildings to ensure they functioned as intended - Developer PHP and .NET programs to assist with streamlining order processes - Created a PHP program allowing changes of HVAC controllers over the webEDUCATIONHigh School DiplomaMukwonago High School - Mukwonago, WI 2000 to 2004SKILLSPHP, SQL, Javascript, HTML5, Twitter Bootstrap, Linux Administration, OOP Design, MVC DesignLINKShttp://www.linkedin.com/in/phpguy/ http://www.opencart.com/index.php?route=extension/extension/info&extension_id=6331 https://github.com/cgsmithCERTIFICATIONSZend certificationPlanned Zend testing to be done this year (2014).GROUPSMilwaukee PHP User GroupJune 2013 to PresentActive member in meetings and also submitted talks. Discussing new methods and practices at monthly meetings and learning trends in the development world.Organizer of Homebrewer's of Southeastern WisconsinNovember 2013 to PresentStarted and continue to curate the Homebrewer's of SE WI club. Discussing trends and events in brewing. Home brewing advocate and legislation changer.PUBLICATIONSIntro to Gearman with Real World Exampleshttp://www.meetup.com/Milwaukee-PHP-Users-Group/events/137370472/September 10, 2013Gearman provides an agnostic application framework to farm out work to other machines or processes better suited for the work. Chris Smith will cover the basics of Gearman and also get into real-life examples that he's used with customers within the past few years.￼￼￼￼ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONAttended WCTC in Pewaukee, WI for an Associates Degree as a Programmer/Analyst but discontinued due to the courses not being challenging. I started my own business (CGSmith.net) and then was offered a role to assist in developing curriculum for the PHP developers at WCTC.