Christopher VelozaWeb Developer - American Safety Programs & Training - VendorTiverton, RI - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Christopher-Veloza/e25b97781aff9cc3To obtain a full-time, entry and growth-oriented marketing and web design position, where my training, work experience and commitment to excellence will have valuable application.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperAmerican Safety Programs & Training - Vendor - North Providence, RI - January 2015 to PresentUpdating the American Safety Programs & Training website, making it more user friendly and keeping it up to date.Catalog Designer/Web DeveloperHeritage Bay Enterprises - North Providence, RI - September 2014 to PresentDesigning a four page double sided Product Catalog.• Developing a website for Heritage Bay Enterprises and keeping it up to date.Web Developer/MarketingThe Human Kind Network - Pawtucket, RI - February 2014 to PresentCreating various advertising materials (flyers, brochures, business cards, website, logo and video presentations)• Keeping deanslistacademy.org current and up to date.• Promoting the company.Warehouse WorkerBananagrams Inc - Providence, RI - July 2013 to July 2014still available for special projects)Assembly• Performed various packing and labeling operations for games.• Responsible for end of shift station clean up and scheduling small line crew.Desktop Publisher Assistant - InternshipHamilton Printing - Portsmouth, RI - April 2008 to May 2008Proof read and edited• Operated desktop publishing software and equipment to design, layout, and produce camera- ready copy. • Converted various types of files for printing or for the Internet, using computer software.• Transmitted, delivered or mailed publication master to printer for production into film and plates.• Collaborated with graphic artists, editors and writers to produce master copies according to de- sign specificationsWEB DESIGN PROJECTS: • deanslistacademy.org• heritagebayri.com• asptems.com￼EDUCATIONDesign, Graphic DesignBristol Community College - Fall River, MA June 2012Advertising, Design and New MediaTiverton High School