Christopher WeberFreelance Computer Support - Saddle Horn CourtSalem, OR - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Christopher-Weber/98ba87001a4ab5c6Skilled developer with experience in many programing languages and the ability to quickly adjust to any new languages. I have worked in both large and small programing environments including small team projects and large open source projects. Experienced at keeping people on task while reducing waste of resources while keeping morale up.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperParthenon Software - Portland, OR - May 2013 to January 2015ResponsibilitiesDeveloped web and mobile applications and services using PHP, JavaScript, and Python.Refactored and updated existing legacy applications and services. Tested, and implemented external API's into created and existing code. Actively used software version control in projects. Setup and managed virtual development environments. Maintained automated testing systems. Used Agile and SCRUMM environments. Made use of automated code analysis tools to maintain code testcoverage.Skills UsedPHP, Javascript, MySQL, Python, Git, Agile, SCRUMM,Application DeveloperWestern Oregon University - Monmouth, OR - October 2012 to October 2012October 2012 thru June 2013Duties: Development and deployment of the SCD (Source Code Copy Detection ) system using C#.net, MSSQL, Windows Server 2008 R2, and Visual Studio 2010, writing regular status reports, keeping system secure, and managing Windows Hyper-V hypervisor resources.Tax Associate and Front Desk ReceptionistH&R Block - Salem, OR - January 2010 to April 2012Prepared personal tax returns for customers using a working understanding of Federal and State tax laws which included but was not limited to; preparing 1040EZ, 1040A, 1040, and associated schedules, answering phones, taking appointments, categorizing client receipts, calculating total receipts using MS Excel, receiving payments from customers including making change, as well as covering front desk as needed.Freelance Computer SupportSelf Employed - Salem, OR - September 1992 to September 2011Duties: Provided computer support/tutoring this included but was not limited to; instructing clients to use and interface with computers, computer programs and the internet on both Windows and Macintosh computers both over the phone and in person, application development and modification using C#, Java, C++, Python, PHP, Perl, evaluating user needs, available budget, and growth to suggest suitable hardware and software purchase, system back-up, recovery, and archiving, setup and administered local and remote server systems.Office Administrator/Bookkeeper￼Willamette Queen - Salem, OR - October 2008 to July 2009Answered telephones, replied to e-mails, took credit card payments over the phone, scheduled customer reservations over the phone, preprocessed payroll using MS Excel, performed basic bookkeeping using MS Excel and Quickbooks, created employee work schedule, and processed responses to charity requests.Sales Associate and CashierKitty and Me Children's Boutique - Salem, OR - January 2007 to December 2007Duties: Opened and closed store, helped customers find merchandise, suggested products when customers were unsure of appropriate purchase, handled cash and credit card payments, received and unpacked freight, updated inventory, calculated retail price, tagged and displayed items, maintained backups of computer data, developed fully-functioning point of sale system in MS Access, assisted owner with questions and issues regarding computer hardware and software.Dynamic Document ProgrammerChemeketa's ESL Department - Salem, OR - September 2000 to May 20014000 Lancaster Drive Southeast, Salem, OR, 97305 PH (503) 399-5000September 2000 thru May 2001Duties: Tested interactive multimedia computer documents for user interface and inconsistencies in program response, then made changes based on teacher and student evaluations of product by using Hyper Card, ResEdit and the Macintosh OS.EDUCATIONBachelors of Science in Computer ScienceWestern Oregon University - Monmouth, OR 2010 to 2011Associate of ArtsChemeketa Community College - Salem, OR 1996 to 2001SKILLSJava, C++, C#. Python, PHP, Pearl, ASP.Net, MSSQL, MySQL, Access, Windows, Unix, Linux,ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkills:I have years of Experience with the use of major operating systems. Have used standardised tools for software development and project management. Participated in Alpha and Beta tests of on-line game systems, and custom software. Created a Compiler from scratch in Java. Developed algorithmic process for detecting software Copying In Source code