Clayton NortheySoftware Engineering Intern - Harman InternationalLivonia, MI - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Clayton-Northey/9fc6ecab99b468f8To use my skills and knowledge to help others by creating new technology, events and ideas.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperLocqus, LLC - Detroit, MI - October 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesAssist in development of backend to Locqus Application. Assist in the fixing of bugs reported within software. Assist in development of API.Develop Django applications.Assist in design of database architecture.AccomplishmentsAdded Locqus public API to website.Fixed bugs that could be detrimental to company.Added ton the API the ability to allow the application to adapt to the format of whatever country the application is being used in.Skills UsedPython, Django, Django Rest Framework, Objective C, Java, Swift, Android Development, iOS Development, HTTPHead of Quality AssuranceLocqus, LLC - Detroit, MI - August 2014 to October 2014ResponsibilitiesDevelop automated tests for Web, Android, and iOS platforms. Find and report issues within software.AccomplishmentsStarted the Quality Assurance Department for the company.Skills UsedPython, Java, JavaScript, Software Validation, Software VerificationSoftware Engineer Intern - VerificationHarman International - Farmington Hills, MI - August 2013 to August 2014Responsibilities:Test and verify software on all Fiat head unit variants.Report and debug issues.Modify radio programming and functionality to meet developer needs when debugging. Interface with Fiat and Chrysler to better understand and satisfy requirements.￼Accomplishments:Reported and helped fix high priority issues within the radio software, ultimately preventing vehicle recalls. Caught and helped debug multiple launch gate issues.Skills Used:Debugging, Python, QNX Scripting, CSeasonal LaborerLivonia Parks and Recreation - Livonia, MI - June 2010 to August 2013Take care of civic center grounds• Take care of outside of city buildings • Set up for public eventsSports Sponsorship AnalystLivonia Parks and Recreation - Ann Arbor, MI - January 2012 to January 2013Record the exposure of sponsor logos during events on television • Determine value of sponsorships• Working knowledge of Linux Operating SystemExtra-Curricular Activity:• Started Club Tennis Team at The University of Michigan-Dearborn• Member of ACM club• Volunteer for the YMCA and the Strong Kids Foundation, help plan and run events on holidaysEDUCATIONBachelor's of Science in Computer ScienceUniversity of Michigan-Dearborn - Dearborn, MISKILLSC#, C++, C, Lua, Python, Java, JavaScript, HTML, Robotics Programming, Robot Sensor Integration, Microcontroller Programming, Arduino Microcontrollers, QNX Operating System, Linux Operating Systems, Ubuntu Operating system, Linux Terminal Commands, Windows Operating System, Microsoft Office Applications, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Linux Shell Scripting, Maple, Matlab, Visual Basic 6ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONClass Projects:-Robot Solitaire-Web-based employee profile database application -March madness bracket scoring applicationExtra Curricular:-Co-founder and Treasurer of University of Michigan - Dearborn Club Tennis Team -Team Leader for Senior Design Project