Curt Thompson Software Developer - Tiara YachtsZeeland, MI - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Curt-Thompson/a223b76a0403e900I am seeking a position in computer science industry where I can apply the skills I have learned through my education and experience as a software developer.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperTiara Yachts - April 2012 to PresentInsure that the Sytline ERP remains operational.• Support home grown systems.• Write and modify reports in SSRS's and Crystal Reports.• Design and implement new changes to Sytline ERP system.• Integrate home grown systems into Sytline ERP system• Help users with issues pertaining to Sytline ERP System.• Member of a team that upgraded databases from SQL 2003 to SQL 2005.Production Control - February 2007 to April 2012Tiara Yachts• Train new users in Syteline ERP and production process.• Maintained BOM information on the products in production.• Answered questions as to the intricacies of how Syteline ERP works.• Make suggestions for improvements to Syetline ERP.• Write and maintain configurator rules for new product.• Analyze BOM and inventory data to find cost saving solutions.• Implemented a bar code solution for manufacturing and kan ban system.EDUCATIONSoftware DevelopmentGrand Rapids Community CollegeADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLS & ABILITIESSoftware Development• Write queries to pull, update, insert, and delete records based on the needs of the functions that triggers the query.• Designed and implemented forms in Syteline ERP software, written in Visual Basic.• Managed security permissions in Microsoft Active Directory.• Design and implement reports and their queries in both SQL Server Reporting Services and Crystal Reports.• Implement and maintain configurator rules for Buy Design Configurator. Teamwork￼• Successfully implemented an ERP system as part of a large team.• Help other team members when they are in need of help, ranging from proofing code to running network cables and help desk support.• Participate in site visits for companies in the process of implementing new ERP systems.Communication• Lead daily production meetings.• Coordinate changes to ERP system between two sites.• Developed and performed technical training for ERP implementation.