Dan GillmanNetwork Administrator - BIS Computer SolutionsCanyon Country, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dan-Gillman/44769eb4f74e55b1• Over 20 years of experience in Information Technology support, project implementations and IT infrastructure project management• Talented systems specialist with knowledge of Local and Wide Area Network (LAN/WAN) server provisioning and design, as well as Windows/Active DirectoryQuickBooks, CCH ProSystems Tax• Experience with interoperability between Linux/Unix servers and Windows-based clients (ie, Samba) virus/malware protection• Group Policy, FTP, EDI for PC and Mac environments• Professional experience with all flavors of Microsoft Server, Windows, Macintosh OS X, and Android operating systems• Expertise in technical writing including instructional manuals, network diagrams, and proposals tailored for end-users and staff of all technical levels• Mass storage (SAN + Fiber Channel switching)• Small to mid-size business servers, routers/firewalls and other networking devices• Knowledge of HP and Dell blade chassis hardware configurations.• Experience with the following technologies; XenServer, VMware ESX Infrastructure, View/VSphere, CentOS, Citrix/Xen, AppAssure, Watch Guard, Sonic Wall, Solarwinds, Netflow• Experience with IPv4 and IPv6 protocols as well as communication type protocols such as MPLS-TE and Wireless Radio Frequency (RF) in Wireless 802.11 a/b/g/n, as well as working knowledge of DNS, LDAP, Hibernate, and RDS protocols• Experience working on AWS (Cloud) platforms and Crystal reporting• Project Management experience on high-level, complex computer networking implementations, as well as network/internet security and firewalls• Web-hosting• Dedicated team-player with solid computer and security skills, with an ability work independently or within a team.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorBIS Computer Solutions - La Crescenta, CA - April 2013 to PresentAs part of a 3 member networking team, provided end-user computer network support for clients of all levels of technical expertise from the technically non-savvy to the savvy. Provided on-site support, telephone, and remote support. Implemented enterprise disaster recovery backup solutions for Microsoft and Apple computer- based networks. Drafted technical diagrams. Successfully migrated critical data. Successfully troubleshot and resolved network storage and server issues. Installed and configured network hardware and software components solo and on-site including network storage units and backup software. Provided the following services for clients of BIS Computer Solutions:• Baker Party Rentals. Installed Q-NAP 16 TB network storage unit researched, ordered, installed, and configured Carbon Copy Cloner as a backup solution on 7 Mac PCs. Created daily backup task to create and append disk images of the PCs. Created an email account on Exchange server to send email notifications from to the networking team at BIS daily to save time on maintenance.￼• BIS Computer Solutions. Installed new server racks and rails into cabinets in computer room. Setup managed new helpdesk ticketing system.• RDK Distributing. Migrated critical data for CEO from old PC to new PC - primarily within Intuit Quickbooks and IBM Sterling Gentran Director. Also, setup and personalized new PC to users specs.• Covina Assembly of God, Dial Industries and Pacific Health Billing Services. Installed and configured network- based Trend Micro Worry-Free Business Anti-virus software. Installed and configured agent on server, installed client agents on all user PCs.• Kapitanoff and Southard, CPA. Successfully migrated company-wide Microsoft Exchange Email data to new hosted Exchange servers.• Lee Pharmaceuticals. Setup 2 DVR camera systems. Setup web-based access to cameras via port- forwarding through firewalls.Sub-contracted by ADT Security as a Senior DesignWarner Brothers Studios - 1965 to PresentSub-contracted by ADT Security as a Senior Design/Network Engineer responsible for handling all data and infrastructure design, switches and routers and video storage needs for large scale campus for Warner Brothers Studios. Information systems for large law firms (i.e., Sheldon, Mak, Rose & Andersen), CPA firms and other campus environments ranging from 65 to 250 users. Duties including but not limited to all network and desktop level repair/troubleshooting, design and implementation of all hardware and software; remote support, Network Security for both small and large scale companies including VPN and email access or any Remote Access Solution. Specific arenas include Data Transmissions, Card Access, PTZ Camera Data and storage, including design, drawings, and City or State negotiations/development, etc., with special emphasis in high-rise network design and implementations. All "out of state travel" and design, backup design, redundancy add-ons. client/vendor relations and negotiations. Company IT business strategy planning, IT staffing and department management, as well as general IT related managerial duties.Sr. Network EngineerM-Theory Group - Los Angeles, CA - October 2012 to February 2013Responsible for telephony and computer data communications between client buildings, as well as single locations. Managed vendors for floor system design and build-outs. (i.e., all switching and routing of data between departments). Duties including but not limited to all network and desktop level repair, troubleshooting, design and implementation of all hardware and software; remote support, network security for both small and large scale companies. Design and troubleshoot client networks and implementation of software in both large and small-scale customer settings including healthcare, entertainment, campus computer infrastructure, and other similar environments. Responsible for design, implementation and management of client LAN/WAN and T-1 for all locations, providing Tier 3 level of support, either remotely or onsite. Designed and implemented LAN/WAN, server rooms, including layout, electrical and A/C requirements, riser and closets, redundancies, data routing, and disaster recovery plans.Sr. Network Engineer/OwnerIT General Corp - Los Angeles, CA - February 2002 to August 2010Software DesignerWarner Brothers Studios - Glendale, CA - June 2005 to November 2006 Marketing & ManagementDeveloped, designed and implemented 1st DOT approved vehicle identification software or "VIN" for the vehicle/trailer manufacturing industry. Developed, designed and implemented "Electronic Fax/Customer Data Base" for the trailer/truck and vehicle industries. Designed webpages and marketing strategies whileresponsible for customer relations and negotiations. Company business development and general managerial duties. (P/T, Proprietary Project until sold).06/2005 - 11/2006VIN-EZE Vehicle Identification, Glendale, CASoftware Designer, Marketing & ManagementProvided Network support and development for newly designed Software Utility and Database program to both transfer data and convert data to usable format for newly developed Artificial Intelligence Software for the Publishing Industry. Design and troubleshoot Customer Networks and implementation of Artificial Intelligence software in large-scale customer settings including publishing, campus and other similar environments.Network Design EngineerWarner Brothers Studios - Chicago, IL - March 1997 to August 2000Responsible for WAN communications between Petersen Publishing and World Color Press, including installation of printing and magazine locations. Managed communication vendors, and designed Disaster Recovery for all data. Secure VPN, server maintenance and upgrade for 14 remote offices in 12 states, along with maintenance and upgrades of desktops for both PC and Macintosh.Senior Network EngineerWarner Brothers Studios - Los Angeles, CA - March 1997 to August 2000Primary responsible for design, implementation and management of company LAN/WAN and T-1 for all locations across the U.S. Moved company and designed and implemented newly developed "Peterson Building" LAN/WAN, server room, including layout. Electrical and A/C requirements, riser and closets (20 Floors), redundancies and data routing. Remote Access to vendors moving 100's of GB data across multiple WAN Protocols. First publishing company to go to "Digital to Plate", skipping the "Film" process entirely, which increased production and reduced costs, while eliminating toxic pollution in the film process? Voted 'Most Technologically Advanced' publisher in the U.S. by Anderson and Anderson Consulting. After consolidation and move responsibilities as IT Director, implemented secure connection for access, vendors and customers as well as installation to contracted press (World Color Press Quebecor etc.)Network Design EngineerWarner Brothers Studios - Los Angeles, CA - August 1993 to November 1995Re-designed telecommunications and designed new network infrastructure to include WAN for other hospital remote locations. Managed all vendors. VPN, WAN/LAN, and VoIP.EDUCATIONHigh School Diploma in Crescenta Valley HighGlendale Community College 1984