Dan WatkinsElizabeth City, NC - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dan-Watkins/9425329367c80858Seeking a position in the IT industry or communications industry with a specific interest in networks and/or computer repairI am a reliable, quality-focused, and recent college graduate, seeking a full-time position in the information technology or communications industry. I am dependable and motivated. I have reliable transportation and a NC driver's license. I am eager to learn, and have a very good ability to follow directions. Now that I have graduated, I will be working towards a Network+ certification and/or an A+ certification, with CCNA and MCSE in the future. I am skilled in working with my hands and have a vast knowledge of hand and power tools. I have been building and repairing computers for many years for personal use, and for friends and family. I am very familiar with many types of anti-virus/malware software programs, troubleshooting, and software/ hardware upgrades.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorVictory Baptist Ministries - Elizabeth City, NCResponsibilitiesI volunteer at VBM and offer my skills with computer repairs, network administration, and troubleshooting.EDUCATIONBS in Information SystemsStrayer University - Herndon, VA 2010 to 2014Victory Christian School - Elizabeth City, NC 1979 to 1985SKILLSWindows Server, Microsoft Office, Hardware Installation, Software Installation, Computer/Server BuildingADDITIONAL INFORMATION Computer Skills✓ Build, repair and maintain✓ Hardware installations✓ Wireless/wired network setup and maintenance ✓ Windows Server 2K3/2K8/2K8R2/2012/2012R2 ✓ Windows XP, Vista, Seven, Eight✓ Software installations✓ Microsoft OfficeProfessional Statement￼I owe my fascination with computers to one of my high school teachers at Victory Christian School. Mr. Parker was, and still is, a wonderful teacher and pastor. I remember those days well. He purchased some Commodore 64's that year, and announced that we were going to have a computer class. I was delighted to find that computing came naturally to me, and it wasn't long before I was writing code in BASIC, which was the programming language that Commodore's used. Even after high school that interest in computers remained. I attended College of the Albemarle for a little while, but then dropped out, convinced that one day soon I would return to finish my college career.I went on to a career in the construction industry, but all the while, I maintained my love for computers, always having one around to tinker on, play games, check email, or just to surf the web. One day my wife and I bought another computer. Now we had two, but, alas, we only had one internet connection, and I just knew there had to be a way to connect these two computers to the same cable modem. I bought my first router that day from Office Max. It wasn't fancy or anything, just four Ethernet ports and one internet port. I was fascinated at how these computers could talk to other computers and exchange information. We never had this kind of computing in high school so it was all very new to me. I began to read a lot more about computers in general, repairing them, and how to network them together. Soon, I was fixing computers for friends and building them for my own personal use.Then in February 2010, after a miserable 2009 in the construction business due to the economy tanking, my wife encouraged me to go back to school. Strayer University just happened to be having a recruitment seminar at the Holiday Inn in Elizabeth City that weekend. So I checked them out and signed up. I dove in head first with a determination that I had lacked as a teenager. I to build and work on computers in my spare time, and, at one time we had 11 computers in our house. Nine were desktops or laptops. Two were servers that I had built from spare parts, and had server software downloaded from Dream spark installed on them. One was a global catalog server running DNS and DHCP, and the other was a DC with Microsoft Exchange server. I was hosting my own email and Outlook web app, with a domain that I had purchased. I pointed the MX server at it using a dynamic DNS hosting service since I didn't have a static IP address.It was great fun, and I imagined doing this on a regular basis at a job somewhere, maybe as a network administrator. To be honest, any kind of job that deals with computers in some way would be great for me since I love to work on them and build them as well.I recently graduated this past October 25 from Strayer University, with a Bachelor of Science in Information Systems and a concentration in Networking, with a GPA of 3.139.I am reliable, quality-focused candidate seeking a full time job in the IT industry. I am motivated, dependable, able to follow directions, and eager to learn new things. I am working towards a Network+ certification, and I will be taking the exam March 13, 2015. I enjoy and look forward to collaboration and feedback from others, working towards a common goal. It is my hope that my job performance will meet or exceed what is expected of me in a positive way.Thank you for your time and consideration. Dan Watkins