Daniel Yeo Software DeveloperSeattle, WA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Daniel-Yeo/1fd7ffb4a8a9cb1cU.S. citizen. Soon-to-graduate master degree candidate (GPA 3.96) looking to join an exciting software development company as a mid-level software engineer at the Seattle-Metropolitan Area, WA.+ More than four years experience in agile software development;+ Skilled in web development, relational database systems, and interaction design+ Experienced in HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, Bootstrap, SQL+ Former CTO of a Singapore startup, great understanding of business and technologyWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperBOSTON UNIVERSITY, Center for the Study of Communication and the Deaf - Boston, MA - June 2014 to PresentDevelop front-end web applications using AngularJS framework; construct HTML5 video widgets through Angular custom directives, and build and test responsive UI design using Twitter Bootstrap API.• Supercharge development workflow using Yeoman scaffolding tool, utilizing Bower and Grunt task managers. • Design a very unique UI workflow for an exclusive target user group (deaf ASL signers).• Analyze requirements and provide recommendations for cloud-based technologies such as Amazon Web Services. Set up web hosting on Heroku cloud platform and video storage services on Amazon S3.• Manage DNS and subdomains to host projects and landing page for improved navigability and branding of websites.• Integrate applications with a ReSTful backend, communicating closely with backend developers and content team.Chief Technology OfficerSLS ATELIER PTE LTD - Singapore - 2012 to 2013Singapore(Young Singapore start-up, managing a proprietary brand of children's games and products)• Architected and oversaw development of strategic IT infrastructure such as e-commerce, web-based games, mobile apps, and databases.• Traveled overseas and presented company's portfolio to senior leadership abroad, securing two business contracts from India to outsource development and lower hiring costs.• Managed in-house Singapore team of five employees, and three offshore development projects from Ahmedabad, India. Chaired daily scrum meetings to ensure effective communication, direction, and timely completion of projects.Research Engineer - Technical LeadSINGAPORE POLYTECHNIC, Games Resource Centre - Singapore - 2009 to 2012Singapore(Singapore educational institute that provides higher education and industry IT services)• Lead programmer for five commercial projects with five clients/companies; includes the development of two content management tools aimed at helping educators create interactive learning content for young children. Other projects include game development for online gaming platforms, education and marketing.￼• Consulted for companies about web, gaming and mobile technologies to augment their marketing campaigns through the use of interactive media (games and apps) and "gamification".• Mentored 10 students and coached them on best practices for game development, object-oriented programming, revision control, and agile software development.• Organized, together with Epic Games China, two workshops on Unreal Engine 3.0 for 50 students and industry game developers.EDUCATIONM.S. Computer Information Systems in Database Management and Business IntelligenceBOSTON UNIVERSITY - Boston, MA2013 to 2015Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical EngineeringNATIONAL UNIVERSITY OF SINGAPORE - Singapore 2005 to 2009Engineering Entrepreneurship and Computer NetworksUNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA, School of Engineering and Applied Sciences - Philadelphia, PA 2008SKILLSHTML5, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, AngularJS, Bootstrap, AJAX, jQuery, Java, ActionScript, Python, Relational Database Systems, MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server, AWS (EC2, S3, Elastic MapReduce), Unreal Engine, Unity3D, Git, SVN, Data Mining, Project Management, Software ArchitectureLINKShttp://www.danielyeo.com http://www.linkedin.com/in/danielyeo2 https://github.com/danElyeoMILITARY SERVICEService Country: SGBranch: Singapore Armed Forces Rank: CorporalFebruary 2002 to August 2004 Regimental PoliceCommendations:Awarded Company Best Shot.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONOperating Systems: Windows, Mac OSX, Linux￼￼￼Others: Computer Networks, Agile Development with Scrum, Data Mining and Business Intelligence