Daniel AlvaradoEl Monte, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Daniel-Alvarado/207e0229317de7feWORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorWorldLink Ventures, Inc - Los Angeles, CA - January 2011 to PresentEmployedNetwork AdministrationOversees the day-to-day operation of computer networks including hardware/software support, training, and special projects.Installing and configuring new server and network hardware and software.Applying and automating operating system updates, patches, and configuration changes.Monitors usage to ensure security of data and access privileges. Installs supports and maintains both physical and virtual network servers. Establishes and maintains user accounts, profiles, file sharing, access privileges and security. Performs daily server tape backups.Installs and maintains security anti-virus and anti-spamOversee installation, configuration, maintenance, and troubleshooting of end user workstation hardware, software, and peripheral devices.Administered creation of IT accounts and computer systems via Active Directory.Maintained MS Exchange Server - Performed troubleshooting and provided resolutions for server problems. E-mail: Establishes and maintains user e-mail accounts; provides e-mail training and software support; provides e-mail documentation and updates user manual as needed.Help Desk SpecialistWorldLink Ventures, Inc - March 2007 to January 2011Help desk support for 100+ user network across multiple locations*Manage hardware and software inventory, licenses and warranty tracking.*Cloning OS images and adding workstations/servers to the domain Desktop-Application Support (Help Desk) *Coordinate and verify nightly tape back-ups and tape changes.* Setup and configures personal computers to include installation of proper operating system, hardware and software for all user stations(This includes all upgrades for hardware and software.)- Diagnoses, troubleshoot, repairs, or offers corrective action for the following:- Personal or laptop computers- Network wiring, switches, and routers- Network communications- Network interface cards, wireless adapters- Software and/or hardware problems for multi-platform environment- Printers, scanners, handheld devices* Setting up, moving & troubleshooting VoIP phone extensions and voicemail* Investigate user problems, identify their source, determine possible solutions, test and implement solutions and provides support and training to users of personal computers by performing the following duties personally. * Assist IT Manager with variety of network admin tasks such as, creating and/or managing user accounts for network and e-mail; creates shares and/or adjust permissions, administers company virus scan package, assists with network and remote access to outside personnel.￼Client Support ManagerHostedSupport.com - June 2004 to February 2007Desktop Support Specialist; Help Desk; PC Technician; Project Management Partner Implementation; Quality Assurance Tester; Technical Support; Technical Trainer; Customer Training Demos performed online via webinar and onsite Training; Bug testing and documentation of Bug issues; Customer feedback from product announcements; *Maintain and update support website, knowledge base articles, troubleshooting guides, support communications, etc.; *Ability to simplify the communication of technical problems to non-technical people.Manage critical accounts and escalations with excellent judgment while acting as the liaison between other internal organizations (Tech Team, Sales, etc.) and acting as management interface with the customer. Trouble shoot browser connectivity during an instance of failed logon authentication to an active account. Internal Office work duties: Manage and maintain internal network. Authenticate new users with in HostedSupport.com's Domain. Trouble shoots network outages that may occur and resolve any connectivity issues.Reinstall Operating Systems on to Laptop's and PC's.Troubles shoot internal Microsoft Exchange email issues internally. Recabled office with new Category 5 cable.Verizon Business DSL Technical Support (ISP)Yoh Staffing Employment - November 2003 to March 2004Configure Dynamic and Static IP accounts on customers PC and MAC O/S to connect to the Verizon DSL Network.Provide Static account info to customers who have purchased Static IP accounts.DSL modems that used Frame Relay or ATM modems to connect to the Verizon Network.Configure Wireless Linksys routers to connect to the internet.Help Setup self-install DSL kits and add filters as needed to telephone lines.Trouble Shoot Verizon Network Servers through the ASAM servers, Central office equipment, and the Verizon network routers to the ISP.Trouble shoot Verizon Telephone lines from Verizon Central Office down to the customers NID.Setup small business networks using Linksys routers to authenticate through Verizon servers.Assist customers with basic billing issues upon request.Assist customers with installing the Verizon Online software to connect using their dial up access account. Configure and trouble shoot dial up access issues.Configure and trouble shoot DSL and dial up email issues.Configure email clients such as OUTLOOK, OUTLOOK EXPRESS, EUDORA etc to access Verizon DSL and dial up email.McAfee Internet Security Technical supportTeletech - June 2003 to November 2003Assist with the install of all McAfee virus scan software to protect your system from viruses, Trojans, Internet worms, harmful scripts, and other malware.Trouble shoot and configure Virus Scan software, (virus scan online, virus scan home and virus pro) to protect against viruses on the Internet.Configure Mcafee firewalls (online firewall and home version) Trouble shoots Internet connection issues, Programs on computer and Email clients etc, which may be related to the firewall. Configure firewall on personal computers to protect against outside intrusions such as hackers and viruses.Configuration and trouble shoot Spam Killer for filtering spam out using MS Outlook or Outlook Express email clients.Trouble shoot and configure privacy service software. Set up parental control software to monitor Internet traffic, control user access to Internet, setup chat restrictions, configure cookie blocking and control Internet time restrictions.Technical Support for AT&T WorldNet (ISP)Teletech - August 2000 to December 2002Provide customer service and technical support in a fast paced environment in today's Internet world. Trouble shoots connectivity issues to the Internet such as; Modem driver updates for connectivity,Disabling modem protocols such as V-90 and V-92, Add initialization strings to improve properconnection, Time out issues caused by web browser security issues such as cookies enabled and Cipher Strength. Page cannot be displayed error message, routing issues.Help customers with the installation of AT&T WorldNet Dial up Software to establish an Internet account or upgrade current version of software. Also assist with creating and configuring a Dial up networking connectoid to connect to the Internet with out the use of the AT&T WorldNet connection software.Configure Internet Explorer and Netscape browsers to connect to the Internet using required protocols configuration settings.Add, remove and configure network component protocols such as Client for Microsoft Networks, TCP/IP for Internet connectivity.Resolve PWL issues caused by corrupted passwords listed on computer. Enable or disable Auto Complete (password issues) in Internet Explorer.Assist customer with configuration of email client such as MS Outlook, Outlook Express, Eudora and other email clients that is capable of retrieving email.Provide billing and account information to customers with issues regarding their account. Change billing information such as credit card information and home address-telephone changes as the customer has requested. Cancel and Reinstate accounts upon request from the customer.Assist customers through live telephone voice phone tech support, Email tech support and through help chat via the Internet. Quality assurance is top priority. Must meet customer's full expectation and resolve the issue in a sufficient and timely manner. Providing full, complete and dedicated support to making the customer feel they went to the right place and has had the issue resolved.