David Spearman Software Developer - SECOM-LLCOrlando, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/David-Spearman/06c97479c905c0b3WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperSECOM-LLC - Orlando, FL - November 2009 to PresentGIS Specialist (GIS/GPS) Surveying and Mapping Data Collection and ReportingDuties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:Installed and configured Microsoft Windows Server, IIS, SQL Server, and ESRI ArcGIS for Server and Desktop. Installed ArcGIS for AutoCAD plug-in, WEB GIS, 3D GIS, Activity Dashboard, and Web Application Builder. Installed Hyper-V Manager to create, configure, and manage virtual machines and emulators for windows phone development, testing, and universal application development with Microsoft Visual Studio and Python Tools for Visual Studio. Set-up and installed software on field engineer's laptops including ActiveSync mobile data synchronization, AutoCAD, Autodesk Land Design, Microsoft Office, Outlook, Word, Excel, Power Point, Visio, and Project Manager. Installed Visual Studio Express with Python Tools for Visual Studio.Performed management tasks associated with the operation of servers, such as starting or stopping services, starting other tools that allow you to configure a server's network settings, create computers, users and groups, and configure remote desktop connections.Analyzed data, collected field data, converted data, queried data, imported data, exported data, uploaded and downloaded data from multiple data resources. Experienced with data conversion and transformation.Set up on-site surveying equipment for site development and engineering consisting of tripod, laser instrument, back-site, global positioning system, geographical information system, Windows Mobile PC, and HP laptop. Performed topo, boundary, foundation, field engineering, and as-built survey and mapping services.Researched the internet and ArcGIS Marketplace for mobile applications, ArcGIS Pro, and new technologies using GIS data to create maps and to perform advanced spatial data analysis and reporting in 2D and 3D.Operations ManagerSteak-N-Shake - Orlando, FL - March 2006 to October 2009Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:Supervised staff and managed the day to day operations for restaurant achieving 3.1 million in annual sales. Hired, trained, and managed store associates achieving an A+ rating on the Balanced Scorecard.Exceeded performance and was awarded for people development and best results in food cost.Monitored profit and loss reports, adjusted staff and inventory to meet increases in business.Tested and deployed point of sale information systems throughout Florida and Texas.Trained associates on new computer systems, software usage, and policies.Operations Support AssociateFederal Express Corporation - Memphis, TN - March 2005 to March 2006Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:Improved contingency support and operations support systems for package sorting processes. Monitored inbound/outbound aircraft schedules to plan contingencies and provision support. Assisted manager with contingency planning, quality control, security, and training procedures. Reviewed monthly operating plans with associates.￼Information Technology Consultant IIState of Kansas, Division of Information Systems and Telecommunications - 1996 to February 2005Topeka, KS United States09/1996 - 02/2005 Hours per week: 40 Information Technology Consultant IITopeka, KS - SeptemberDuties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:Served as a primary technology liaison supporting computer networks and information systems utilized for the state-wide technical architecture. Tested and deployed Microsoft Client/Server Local Area Networks.Utilized Active Directory, SQL, IIS, SMS Server, and Ghost Multicast Server.Systems administrator and team leader for work efforts regarding the testing and implementation of hardware, software, and service pack upgrades on multiple LAN segments.EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Computer Information SystemsFriends University - Wichita, KS May 2001Associate of Applied Science in Electromechanical TechnologyNorth Arkansas Community Technical College - Harrison, AR May 1987ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkills: ASP.NET MVC, HTML5, Visual Studio, SQL, Windows 10, On-Premise, and Hybrid Architectures