Deepak Saran Software Developer - BRG GroupSummit, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Deepak-Saran/38cfe24d9a880e11• A skilled IT Professional with 5+ Years of experience with Software Development (PERL & PHP) as a major area of experience.• Experienced in writing complex MySQL queries, triggers and procedures.• Working as Software Developer with Prescient Life Sciences.• Associated with In House Software Services Group which provides wide range of Software Consulting and Web Crawling services to the parent group.• Worked as a Mentor to train new developers which later on were absorbed as part of the project team.• Active participation in interaction with clients for functional specification and Issue resolution/clarifications.• Successfully handled SDLC exercises, which include planning and workload analysis, development of the portal/program, interaction with QA Engineers for improved quality optimization, complete end to end documentation of the program and deployment and maintenance.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperBRG Group - Summit, NJ - September 2012 to PresentProject #1 Competitive Intelligence & Secondary Research Period Sep 2012 - PresentClient BRG GroupOrganization Prescient Life SciencesLocation Summit, NJRole Software DeveloperDescriptionUsers within the BRG group perform competitive intelligence for their clients. To perform it efficiently, it is required to be aware of certain information on the web and changes to it as soon as it happens. To achieve this purpose, web crawling technology is used.The crawlers are deployed on different websites to collect data of interest from these websites. After this data mining, these crawlers then interact with the MySQL database and notify users of any encountered change by sending a mail (by interaction with email sending module).ResponsibilitiesAs a Software Developer, major responsibilities are1. Development of Specialized Perl programs which collect information from websites in an automated manner and enter this information in the MySQL database.2. Creation and development of backend database and ensuring its effective communication with the frontend. Also, backend development includes comparison of multiple database tables, firing of triggers and also involves use of different complex database queries along with other manipulations.3. Interaction with the Client for functional specification and Issue resolution/clarifications.4. Recording Server Logs and performing MySQL database backups.5. In case of any wrong email produced, performing reverse engineering to know and rectify its cause.6. To perform efficient competitive intelligence, attending different conferences held worldwide from time to time is necessary. To cover a full conference, efficient planning ahead of conference is required which is not possible by manually looking up the schedule on the conference website. To achieve this purpose, complex￼web spiders are built which go to the different conference websites, collect information about the full conference program, and represent this information in an organized and categorized user friendly readable.7. These web spiders are specialized Perl programs which schedule them automatically to go to the website, collect information and represent the information in an automated way so that the end user is saved on time and ambiguity.8. Responsible for documentation of the built dashboard/programs which facilitates technical team and end users.Technology PERL, PHP, MySQLApplication Environment Linux CentOS/Suse (LAMP) Tools XML, SVN, Crontab, JIRA, FTP, Shell Scripting Web Servers Apache, NginxProject #2 Job Diagnosis - Jobs Search EngineSenior Perl DeveloperTechedge Labs Ltd - Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh - January 2012 to September 2012DescriptionJobDiagnosis is an online job search engine for US. It is basically a classified site where jobseekers can find all kind of jobs at one place.In this project there are two phase fetcher and parser. These are Perl scripts written to get jobs from different websites. Also, to develop and monitor an alert system to detect and report any catastrophic failures.ResponsibilitiesAs a Senior Perl Developer, major responsibilities were1. Development of scripts which consequences in ensuring maximum output of crawlers, servers, database and live site based upon automated and/or user defined parameters.2. Development of crawlers and performing their load analysis.3. Interaction with the Client for functional specification and Issue resolution/clarifications if any.4. Interaction with the SQA team to identify the errors and optimize the product quality.5. Development of scheduler and analyzer scripts and maintenance of MySQL database.6. Load analysis of Server and Database and ensure optimum throughput.7. Monitoring of MySQL database and alerts generated in case of any failure.8. Weekly updating of live site so as to provide users the freshest of information.Technology PERL, MySQLApplication Environment Linux Ubuntu (LAMP) Tools SVN, Crontab, FTPWeb Servers Apache, NginxProject #3 Like - Product Search EngineSoftware EngineerTricom India Ltd - Mumbai, Maharashtra - October 2009 to January 2012DescriptionLike is online shopping store for US and UK. It is basically a classified site where customer can find all kind of products at one place. It provides visual search engine for products.In this project there are two phases, fetcher and parser. These are Perl programs written to get products.ResponsibilitiesAs a Software Engineer major responsibilities were1. Accept new or rework sites from the client and analyze the site to differentiate the type of Web Crawlers such as Crawl from scratch, Linkshare, Performics etc.2. Fetcher & Parser are developed to fetch the source of products from website and to scrape the required contents according to the feed type provided by the Client.3. Interaction with the Client for functional specification and Issue resolution/clarifications if any. 4. Interaction with the SQA team to identify the errors and optimize the product quality.5. Ensuring that all generated feeds pass the validating tool developed by Like team.Technology PERL, ORACLEApplication Environment Linux Fedora (LAMP) Tools SVNEDUCATIONBachelor of Engineering in I.TMaharashtra Academy of Engineering, Pune University - Pune, Maharashtra 2010ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SKILLS PROFILEOperating Systems Linux Fedora/Ubuntu/CentOS/Suse, Windows 2000/2003/XP/7 Languages Perl, PHPWeb Technologies HTML, JSPDatabase MySQL, ORACLEWeb Server Apache, NginxOther OOAD, XML, SVN, JIRA, JSON, Shell Scripting