Dennis GeorgeNetwork Administrator - Behavioral Healthcare Partners of Central Ohio, IncGranville, OH - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dennis-George/8351054eff444babWORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorBehavioral Healthcare Partners of Central Ohio, Inc - July 2013 to PresentResponsible for administration of all networked computer systems to include VPN connectivity of five remote locations as well as offsite real time backup system.Other projects include development and maintenance of Microsoft SharePoint and Tele-psychiatry system based on local and cloud based deployment of Microsoft Lync.Expert proficiency- 2013 to Presentin the installation, configuration, support, and administration of the followingproducts and technologies: Microsoft Server products to include Exchange Server, SQL Server,SharePoint Server, Lync Server, Hyper-V, SCCM, Citrix Metaframe Citrix, Presentation Server, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, TCP/IP, Group Policy, RDP, WINS, Terminal Services, backup technologies to include onsite, offsite, cloud based, and real time or SAN configurations, VMWare, Virtual Box, serverside scripting, automated deployment of software and configuration settings.Cloud based solutions to include Microsoft Office 365 and Google Apps for Business.Advanced networking technologies, routers, firewalls, security appliances, wireless networking (wi-fi) and all related technologies.Security as it relates to Information Technology including physical and data center security, endpoint security, enterprise level network security, as well as an advanced understanding of HIPAA regulations as they apply to Information Technology.Owner/Independent IT ConsultantMid-Ohio Technical Services - January 2010 to PresentProvide a wide range of IT solutions from clients ranging from routine troubleshooting and maintenance of personal computer systems, advanced hardware and software support, network design and administration of multi-server business systems.Systems AdministratorBelron US/Safelite - Dublin, OH - June 2009 to January 2010Assigned to multiple special projects to include the design and implementation of a custom scripted deployment of the Avaya IP Agent application to an 1200+ user call center environment, design of installation and configuration of a QA environment using the HP Quality Center HP Quick Test Pro andHP Load Runner applications, automated remote upgrade and deployment of the Cisco Secure Services Client to 1000+ computers at locations nationwide. Used Altiris and Microsoft's SCCM to create,manage, and deploy custom built operating system and application images and packages. Alsoperformed the duties of a System Administrator within Belron's network infrastructure.￼Technical Project ManageriBeam Solutions, LLC - Canal Winchester, OH - March 2008 to April 2009Responsible for the planning and execution of all client side projects and network installations.Additional responsibilities included mapping out the ongoing support and development of new ITsolutions for clients and management, tasking, and time management of network support personnel and working with internal sales staff to assist in the development of proposals for projectsSenior Network EngineerResponsibilities as a Senior Network Engineer included the design, installation, and administration of Microsoft Windows Server based networks, support and administration for existing Microsoft Windows Server based networks, and remote administration/support of a range of client environments.Responsible for the planning & management of network/telephone cabling installation projects.Network Analyst/Network Security AnalystThe Ohio State University - Columbus, OH - October 2006 to February 2008Tasked with the documentation of all servers, applications, and databases involved with the BuckeyeLink system, as well as mapping and diagramming all data flow as well as relationships between these applications and databases. Included the planning and execution of migrating systems from old servers to a new virtualized environment as well as developing a parallel environment for testing and development of new and existing systems. Separate project included performing a thorough andexhaustive security analysis of the Buckeye Link system, Treasurer and Registrar's office systems,internal data warehouse system, and all related development environments. Developed a detailed, prioritized security report for each individual system, by department, and developed a strategy for each system in order to strengthen security to optimum levels. Lead coordination of the implementation and execution of all security improvements.Network AdministratorBrantley & Associates - Grove City, OH - June 2003 to May 2005Responsible for the support and administration of all networked computer systems for the organization to include administration of a Microsoft Windows Server 2000/2003 domain network. Managed and coordinated tasks between a small IT staff as well as outside contractors when necessary.Handled pricing, ordering, and purchasing of all hardware, software, and network related equipment for the organizations two locations as well as designing the organizations marketing materials and website.Point to Point (CNC) Router Programmer/OperatorResponsible for programming, troubleshooting, and overseeing routines for the CNC point to point router and supervised staff responsible for the physical operation of all CNC related equipment.Network Service Representative/Thin Client Network EngineerHealth Data Services - Highland Heights, OH - March 2000 to March 2003Responsible for planning and execution of all internal and client projects that utilized thin client networking technologies running in a Microsoft Server 4.0 Terminal Server Edition environment including some client systems that were also using Citrix Metaframe. Managed staff on a per-project basis as needed as well as all client technical support and system upgrades.Network AdministratorR&R International Group - Akron, OH - August 1998 to March 2000Responsible for all technical aspects and decision making for the Information Technology department for the organization to include multiple remote locations. Managed small IT staff as well as all IT relatedprojects, equipment analysis, inventory, network/telephone cabling and upkeep of all related systems.Network/Telephony cabling ManagerWestfield Companies Insurance - Westfield Center, OH - July 1997 to August 1998Directly managed a crew of 10-15 employees responsible for the planning, installation, upgrade, and upkeep of the network and telephone premise cabling infrastructure for the organizations entirecampus (approximately 12 separate buildings). Oversaw installation and testing of cabling systems and troubleshooting of basic network connectivity for the organization.Completed significant projects to include the design and setup of a year 2000 (Y2K) test lab, setup of on- campus training annex, removal of old telephone systems and all associated cabling, cabling installations for service offices in Ohio and Indiana.Non-Commissioned OfficerUnited States Army - February 1993 to July 1997Served as a Non-Commissioned Officer in the Infantry Corps of the United States Army.EDUCATIONA.A.S. in Art and DesignMedina County Career Center 2007 to PresentCloverleaf High SchoolLINKS http://www.linkedin.com/in/dennisageorge￼