Derek DevineAdjunct Instructor Champlain CollegeBurlington, VT - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Derek-Devine/06860f5942534dfdTo further advance my career in the fields of Online Software Development and Web Programming, utilizing my skills and professional experience of five years of advanced web development of custom web based applications through development upon an extensive background in PHP, Ruby, Java, MySQL Databases and Drupal based projects.WORK EXPERIENCEAdjunct Instructor Champlain CollegeDepartment of Computer Science - Burlington, VT - August 2014 to December 2014VT Department of Computer ScienceI taught two course sections of an Introduction to Programming course in C++.Students learned the history and basis of computing as well as the fundamentals of programming. Topics included the history of computing, binary and hexadecimal number systems and mathematics, Boolean logic, algorithm design and implementation and modern computer organization. Programming topics included: memory and variables, mathematical operations, basic file I/O, decision making, repetitions and subroutine.REASON FOR LEAVING:This was only a temporary adjunct position - I taught two sections of the course, to temporarily fill the need for a teacher. Although I'm still a member of Champlain's faculty, and may teach again in the coming years, this was never intended to be my full time position.Web Application DeveloperAIDC - Williston, VT - November 2013 to April 2014American International Distribution Company is a distribution corporation whose clients include book and magazine publishers and the book stores of local college campuses. They maintain a warehouse in their central location in Williston and manage and host content management systems for the online inventories of their clients. Their online content management systems are all written in Ruby and use rails with a MVC architecture. My main focus with AIDC progressively developed to the point where I was the main developer responsible for the proper data exportation from their old applications and subsequent importation into their new systems. Data importation and modifications were accomplished through numerous ruby rake scripts which associated the appropriate databases, fields and data sources. My primary experience was with Ruby, Javascript, HTML5 and CSS3.REASON FOR LEAVING:Company outsourrced the whole IT department- all three of their in house Web Developers.Test EngineerBuysideFX - Burlington, VT - May 2013 to September 2013BuysideFX is a small startup that develops web software designed for the usage by foreign exchange (FX) traders. The software allows trading of various types of foreign exchange transactions such as spots, forwards, swaps, and enables the purchase and sell of foreign currencies to be streamlined efficiently. Job responsibilities initially included Quality Assurance testing-the design and implementation of some simple tests of their internal systems--which consisted of a disparate varied conglomeration of systems, including among others: a￼PostgreSQL database, an Apama server, a Corticon rules engine, and a Torquebox application server written in JRuby/Rails. Initial testing framework of the front end web server GUI was implemented in both a local windows 8 environment as well as a remote environment running RHEL/Centos 5.9. The position then shifted to leverage my programming ability using Java, in the development of complex modules and packages involved in the generation of daily test data for the system, as well as maintenance and additions to a complex "Rules Engine Server" that streamlined decision making during the purchase and selling of FX currencies and which is one of the distinguishing features of BuysideFX's software in the foreign exchange market. Main Technologies utilized include Java, (J)Ruby, Rspec, and Selenium in combination with Capybara.REASON FOR LEAVING:I was originally hired as a test engineer. However the position was gradually transformed into a systems engineering role, which is not consistent with my career path or goals. The startup has since closed.Software DeveloperVermont.gov Vermont Information Consortium a Subsidiary of NIC Inc - Montpelier, VT - July 2010 to April 2013Montpelier, VT eGovernmentConceptualization, creation and programming development of Web Applications dubbed 'Web Portals' offering civil services for the citizens of Vermont, which serve an effort to save money for both the state and the taxpayers, while streamlining laborious paper processes into an online environment. Built and maintained custom PHP and Drupal web applications currently still in use by many State Departments and Agencies of Vermont such as The Vermont Department of Motor Vehicles IRP/IFTA Application singularly hand coded, enjoyed national and international online press releases.http://www.vermontbiz.com/news/december/ new-vermont-dmv-service-offers-online-iftairp-truckersThe Vermont Department of Tax, The Vermont Judicial Bureau, Vermont's Agency of Agriculture as well as the Governor's Office whose Boards and Commissions Application is my completely unique hand coded from scratch solution, and is still production for The Governor's Office.Headlined first ever outside Agency partnership with Vermont's Agency of Agriculture and hand coded five original online licensing applications- released with national and international online press coverage. Was the sole creator and coder of these solutions:http://www.vermontagriculture.com/about/online_reg.htmlWeb Applications Architecture, Creation and Design. PHP programming and MySQL Database Design and Development, with Javascript, HTML and CSS. Drupal.Adjunct Instructor VermontTechnicalCollegeWillistonVermont.gov Vermont Information Consortium a Subsidiary of NIC Inc - January 2012 to June 2012I taught an Introduction to Networking class, which contrary to what it's title may imply, focused more on the mathematical theory on which Networking principles are built - graph theory, probability, statistics, etc. In the future, I may teach both an Intro and Advanced Web Programming Course.Web ProgrammerMedia Solutions International - Essex Junction, VT - June 2007 to June 2009Contracting jobs entailed construction and maintenance of business websites using mostly PHP, CSS, HTML with some ASP and flash. Experience building PHP/MySQL database driven websites, and most of the time, was the sole lead programmer on these types of projects. Significant time spent building a Filemaker pro database, as well as editing blue prints and drawings in AutoCAD.Summer StudentBIGS - Los Angeles, CA - June 2006 to August 2006 Los Angeles, CA.Programs emphasis was placed on the link between human genetic variation and disease variations in different populations. I completed two courses in Bioinformatics, Genomics and Computational Biology. I studied the HapMap project's goals and theory in a small team with a faculty adviser.Academic Hobbies/Interests• Amateur Research in the properties of randomness displayed by Integer Sequences. (Algorithm Information Theory Research regarding Random Sequences)• Student of Computational Biology/Bioinformatics (Applied Computer Science) Awards/HonorsPublished in The Online Database Of Integer Sequences for a small contribution to Number Theory: Description of a Fibonacci-Like Sequence and a Formula defining this sequence as a linear recurrence whose division of adjacent terms converge to the Golden Ratio.http://www.oeis.org/A192727EDUCATIONMasters in Computer ScienceUniversity of Vermont 2009 to 2015StatisticsUniversity of VermontSeptember 2008 to September 2009Rochester Institute of Technology September 2002 to May 2007University of Southern California July 2006 to September 2006liberal artsBIGS Summer Institute Participant in Bioinformatics - Los Angeles, CA May 2004 to August 2004ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSummary of SkillsComputer ScienceProfessional Programming Background:Extensive Programming experience in PHP, Ruby, Java, C++, Javascript, MySQL, HTML5, XML and CSS3, JQuery/AJAX, and Drupal. Also familiar with Git versioning, PostgreSQL databases, Eclipse, (J)Ruby, Rspec, and Selenium in combination with Capybara. I have a mind for systems thinking with my most recent experience in Web Applications Architecture, Creation and Design for many of the various Agencies and Departments of the State of Vermont. Primary experience is with PHP programming and MySQL Database Design and Development.I have database previous design experience, building of and maintenance using MySQL as well as having (learned on the job Filemaker Pro) rebuilt/programmed a database for Maine's Primary Care Hospitals. Proficient with Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver, and Macromedia Flash. Experience with Unix and Linux as well as Windows and DOS/Linux Command line. Some experience with PERL and C. Knowledgeable and proficient with troubleshooting of computers and basic networking (Cisco program for two years, as well as previously teaching a college Networking Course).ScienceThorough foundations in Biology and Chemistry in the following domains: Molecular Biology, Cellular Biology, General Chemistry, Biochemistry, Organic Chemistry, Genomics, Genetics, Genetic Engineering, and Statistical Bioinformatics/Genomics. I also have an understanding and knowledge of General Physics with two University Physics courses completed.MathMath comes easily to me, very often I think mathematically and tend to flourish in situations of any sort of mathematical/logical analysis, I'm particularly strong with the recognition of patterns in numbers (or anything) and related sequences/situations. I have taken numerous Statistics and Data Analysis courses. I have a thorough knowledge and understanding of higher level mathematics with courses completed in all the Calculus', Multivariate Calculus, Probability Theory, Bayesian Statistics, Discrete Math, and Linear/Matrix Algebra.