Dominic Villamayor Web Developer - Kaiser PermanenteGranada Hills, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dominic-Villamayor/67da22741522adf5WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperKaiser Permanente - Pasadena, CA - April 2011 to PresentPhysician Human Resources Systems• Develops logic, codes, tests, & debugs Web pages & associated software modules such as JAVA applets, CGI, & HTML programs• Performs software coding, testing, debugging, documentation & installation tasks for on-line processes in accordance w/ industry best practices & specific internal procedures & standards• Works with internal departments to provide associated deliverables required for the successful completion of development & maintenance assignments (e.g., database development, network support, help desk orientation, client training)• Partners with System Administrators to test & move developed applications into productionE-Learning Consultant - Physician EducationKaiser Permanentes - Pasadena, CA - November 2009 to April 2011Acts as project manager for certain course developments and onetime LMS migration.• Consults, designs, develops, and implements online modules. Packages them to be LMS ready.• Loads, tracks and resolves application issues by investigating questions or issues relating to learning records and takes appropriate action for resolution.• Maintains, updates, and develops department's many websites and web applications.• Participates in the analysis and definition of efficient, cost effective application solutions which support client business processes and functional requirements.Front and Back End Web DeveloperAsset Performance Networks - Houston, TX - July 2009 to November 2009Develop and maintain client intranet web applications using asp classic technologies.• Maintain and add functionalities to client's Risk Assessment Tool application using ASP, JavaScript, CSS, AJAX, and SQL Programming• Design and Update database tables to keep up with client's requirementsWeb Developer, Instructional Designer and TrainerUniversity of Houston - Houston, TX - June 2008 to July 2009Maintain and Develop University websites inside ORACLE Portal using PL/SQL and AJAX technologies.• Develop, create, and design online courses - WebCT/Blackboard platform, including implementing and reviewing non-media and media elements.• Provide one-on-one and group training, troubleshooting, and support for instructional technology, students, and faculty.• Create interactive online applications and lessons for the University's online courses using Flash, JavaScript, ASP, XHTML, and DHTML.Middle School Math Teacher, Deady Middle SchoolHouston Independent School District - Houston, TX - May 2005 to May 2008￼Taught middle school mathematics and algebra which allowed increase of 10% a year of student scores and achievements in the state standardized testing• Worked and collaborated with fellow teachers for strategies involving differentiated instruction, discipline, cross-content programs, and teaching styles.• Served with the district's Textbook Committee and picked a new adoption of textbooks for the schools. Instructional Technology, Deady Middle School• Partnered with school network specialist to develop, create, and maintain deadyms.org using ASP.NET content management system.• Trained fellow teachers on the use of technology in the classroom including the use of multimedia and the Classroom Management System tools which allowed increase of student productivity and motivation.• Developed my own and other teacher's content websites to supplement student learning that included tutorials and other resources needed for learningMissionary, National Music Ministry HeadCouples for Christ - Houston, TX - January 2003 to May 2005Lead retreats, conferences, and trainings for both youth and adult ministriesParking Attendant and Technical supportRice University - Houston, TX - October 2002 to May 2003Designed and developed an application which enabled parking lot management to track and log different events pertaining to parking access through different gates using Microsoft AccessSYSTEMS PROFICIENCYOS/Platform, Architecture, SpecificationsDOS, Linux, Windows, UNIX, .NET, ADO.NET, IIS, Jakarta, APACHE, Tomcat, Mac OS, ORACLE, Microsoft SQL Server, PeopleSoft - ELM, HCM, CRM, iHub, IBM WebshereProgramming LanguagesC, C++, JAVA, C#, ASP.NET, PL/SQL, MySQL, JSP, PHP, JavaScript, JSON, CSS3, XML, XHTML, DHTML, AJAX, JQUERY, BootstrapPC SoftwareEclipse, Microsoft Office Suite, Adobe Design Premium CS6/CC-Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Fireworks, Illustrator & Flash, Microsoft Visual Studio, Articulate, Captivate, Camtasia Studio, SQL Developer, SQL Server Management StudioEDUCATIONB.S. in Computer ScienceUniversity of Houston-Clear Lake - Houston, TX 2002SKILLS PhotographyADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLS SUMMARYWorks with site portals(front end and back end) as a java web application developer. Researches and tests new technologies and supports development efforts related to portal development. Strong background in usertraining and support documentation. Interfaces with internal clients (physicians, managers and organizational leaders). Communicates technical concepts both verbally and in writing. Prioritizes work as needed. Effectively interviews subject matter experts. Experience in major programming languages, operating hardware and software.