Doug Griffin Construction AssistantBrentwood, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Doug-Griffin/25b84e8e3b6109e8I am interested mostly in web work with jQuery/Javascript, PHP, HTML/CSS. I have most of my experience in side projects of my own available on Github(username: Dgriffin12). I also have extensive experience in C++. I enjoy coding, but lately I have focused on user experience and webpage design. I've worked recently on my own website that is similar to MyFitnessPal. The address is (http://ec2-54-68-63-145.us- west-2.compute.amazonaws.com/MacroMagic/wordpress/), it may be on or offline depending on whether I have the instance running on AWS.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperPurple Cow Agency - Brentwood, CA - January 2015 to PresentResponsibilities- Communicate with a project manager or directly with client to create / modify websites to fit their needs.Accomplishments- I have learned and strive to continue to learn and improve at developing web applications.Skills UsedPHP, Javascript(mostly jQuery), some SQL, HTML5/CSS3Construction AssistantRHS Construction Company - Brentwood, CA - May 2011 to January 2014Involved in framing, bracing, and roof work on a house under construction. Learned to use supplies efficiently, getting the most output for the least input. Worked with precise measurements and ensured accuracy.ServerWoodrose Café - Garberville, CA - June 2013 to August 2013Provided exceptional service by anticipating customers' needs and responding appropriately. Frequently met with the owner with ideas for business decisions. Organized a promotional event for the Breaking Bad TV premiere, inwhich customers were offered blue drinks referencing the show. Prioritized tasks and communicated effectively.HandymanSR Motorsports - Brentwood, CA - February 2009 to August 2010Worked on irrigation for an almond orchard and cut metal pieces to be fit into cars. Learned how to maintain a farm property.EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Computer ScienceCalifornia State University - Chico, CA August 2011 to December 2014￼SKILLSPHP, C++, jQuery/Javascript, HTML5/CSS3 Fluency, Work with OO Design, MySQL experienceLINKS http://ec2-54-68-63-145.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com/MacroMagic/wordpress/ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONI see myself as a person who will always try to learn and try new things. I always want to see the whole picture, and I am never satisfied with mediocrity.￼