Edward GoodrowNetwork Administrator - Sunshine Computer SolutionsPeoria, AZ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Edward-Goodrow/f47a12b9e1c80467WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorSunshine Computer Solutions - Scottsdale, AZ - August 2010 to PresentAdvanced Windows Operating Systems Knowledge • Server 2003, Server 2003 SBS• Server 2008 R2, Server 2008 SBS• Server 2011 SBS• Windows Xp• Windows 7• Windows Vista• Advanced Mac OSX Knowledge• Advanced Networking• Design• Build patch cables (CAT5 & CAT6)• Install cable runs (CAT5 and CAT6)• Termination to patch panels• Rack installations• Router Configurations Wired and Wireless (Cisco IOS, Linksys, Netgear and SonicWall)• Switch Configurations (Cisco and Netgear) Managed and Unmanaged• Exchange 2003, 2007, 2010 setup, configuration and troubleshooting• Active Directory - 2003, 2008, 2012 Functional Level• DNS• Creating and editing Records• Changing over from Exchange 2007 to Google or Office 365• DHCP• Group Policy• Google Apps Configuration, Setup and Maintenance• Office 365 Configuration, Setup and Maintenance• VoIP Install and Setup (RingCentral and 8X8 Hosed Services)• GFI MAX Remote Management (Monitoring and configuration Management software)• Assisted in Development, deployment and branding of SyncFolders (Private Cloud Environment)• Linux• Virtual Machine• LDAP• Maintain and administer computer networks and related computing environments including computer hardware, systems software, applications software, and all configurations.• Diagnose, troubleshoot, and resolve hardware, software, or other network and system problems, and replace defective components when necessary.• Configure, monitor, and maintain email applications or virus protection software.• Confer with network users about how to solve existing system problems.• Answer user inquiries regarding computer software or hardware operation to resolve problems.￼• Set up equipment for employee use, performing or ensuring proper installation of cables, operating systems, or appropriate software.• Install and perform minor repairs to hardware, software, or peripheral equipment, following design or installation specifications.DriverGracie's Floral - Peoria, AZ - August 2009 to August 2010Walk, ride bicycles, drive vehicles, or use public conveyances in order to reach destinations to deliver messages or materials.• Load vehicles with listed goods, ensuring goods are loaded correctly and taking precautions with hazardous goods.• Unload and sort items collected along delivery routes.• Receive messages or materials to be delivered, and information on recipients, such as names, addresses, telephone numbers, and delivery instructions, communicated via telephone, two-way radio, or in person.• Plan and follow the most efficient routes for delivering goods.• Deliver messages and items, such as newspapers, documents, and packages, between establishment departments, and to other establishments and private homes.• Sort items to be delivered according to the delivery route.• Obtain signatures and payments, or arrange for recipients to make payments.• Record information, such as items received and delivered and recipients' responses to messages.Student AideGlendale Unified School District - Glendale, AZ - August 2008 to May 2009Encourage patients and attend to their physical needs to facilitate the attainment of therapeutic goals.• Report to supervisors or therapists, verbally or in writing, on patients' progress, attitudes, attendance, and accomplishments.• Observe patients' attendance, progress, attitudes, and accomplishments and record and maintain information in client records.• Evaluate the living skills and capacities of physically, developmentally, or emotionally disabled clients.• Prepare and maintain work area, materials, and equipment and maintain inventory of treatment and educational supplies.• Instruct patients and families in work, social, and living skills, the care and use of adaptive equipment, and other skills to facilitate home and work adjustment to disability.• Supervise patients in choosing and completing work assignments or arts and crafts projects.• Accompany patients on outings, providing transportation when necessary.DriverGracie's Floral - Peoria, AZ - October 2007 to August 2008Walk, ride bicycles, drive vehicles, or use public conveyances in order to reach destinations to deliver messages or materials.• Load vehicles with listed goods, ensuring goods are loaded correctly and taking precautions with hazardous goods.• Unload and sort items collected along delivery routes.• Receive messages or materials to be delivered, and information on recipients, such as names, addresses, telephone numbers, and delivery instructions, communicated via telephone, two-way radio, or in person.• Plan and follow the most efficient routes for delivering goods.• Deliver messages and items, such as newspapers, documents, and packages, between establishment departments, and to other establishments and private homes.• Sort items to be delivered according to the delivery route.• Obtain signatures and payments, or arrange for recipients to make payments.• Record information, such as items received and delivered and recipients' responses to messages.Assistant ManagerQuick Trip - Peoria, AZ - September 2007 to September 2007September 2007• Collect cash payments from customers and make change, or charge purchases to customers' credit cards and provide customers with receipts.• Activate fuel pumps and fill fuel tanks of vehicles with gasoline or diesel fuel to specified levels.• Clean parking areas, offices, restrooms, and equipment, and remove trash.Rental AgentCamelback Toyota - Phoenix, AZ - August 2007 to August 2007August 2007• Compute charges for merchandise or services and receive payments.• Prepare merchandise for display, or for purchase or rental.• Recommend and provide advice on a wide variety of products and services.• Answer telephones to provide information and receive orders.• Greet customers and discuss the type, quality and quantity of merchandise sought for rental.• Keep records of transactions and of the number of customers entering an establishment.• Prepare rental forms, obtaining customer signature and other information, such as required licenses. • Inspect and adjust rental items to meet needs of customer.• Explain rental fees, policies and procedures.• Reserve items for requested times and keep records of items rented.• Receive orders for services, such as rentals, repairs, dry cleaning, and storage.• Provide information about rental items, such as availability, operation or description.• Allocate equipment to participants in sporting events or recreational activities.InstallerDeer Valley Heating & Air - Phoenix, AZ - May 2007 to July 2007Obtain and maintain required certifications.• Comply with all applicable standards, policies, and procedures, including safety procedures and the maintenance of a clean work area.• Repair or replace defective equipment, components, or wiring.• Test electrical circuits and components for continuity, using electrical test equipment.• Reassemble and test equipment following repairs.• Inspect and test system to verify system compliance with plans and specifications and to detect and locate malfunctions.• Discuss heating-cooling system malfunctions with users to isolate problems or to verify that malfunctions have been corrected.• Adjust system controls to setting recommended by manufacturer to balance system, using hand tools.• Recommend, develop, and perform preventive and general maintenance procedures such as cleaning, power-washing and vacuuming equipment, oiling parts, and changing filters.• Lay out and connect electrical wiring between controls and equipment according to wiring diagram, using electrician's hand tools.• Install auxiliary components to heating-cooling equipment, such as expansion and discharge valves, air ducts, pipes, blowers, dampers, flues and stokers, following blueprints.• Assist with other work in coordination with repair and maintenance teams.• Install, connect, and adjust thermostats, humidistats and timers, using hand tools.• Generate work orders that address deficiencies in need of correction.• Join pipes or tubing to equipment and to fuel, water, or refrigerant source, to form complete circuit.• Assemble position and mount heating or cooling equipment, following blueprints.• Cut and drill holes in floors, walls, and roof to install equipment, using power saws and drills.• Wrap pipes in insulation, securing it in place with cement or wire bands.• Measure, cut, thread, and bend pipe or tubing, using pipe fitter's tools.• Fabricate, assemble and install duct work and chassis parts, using portable metal-working tools and welding equipment.Assistant Used Car ManagerMoore Chrysler Jeep - Peoria, AZ - October 2006 to February 2007Determining if a vehicle will go retail or wholesale, based on mileage, year and condition of vehicle.• Keeping inventory of used cars while they were on the premises or at auction.• Managing retail cars through the process of going through inspection in the shop, cleaned for sale and moved to front for sale.• Managed wholesale cars throughout the process of being cleaned for auction, transported to the auction and either sold at auction, extended stay at auction or transported back to the dealer.• Wrote up paperwork and supervised threw the sale of the vehicles.Lot Attendant- May 2004 to October 2006Keep parking areas clean and orderly to ensure that space usage is maximized.• Patrol parking areas in order to prevent vehicle damage and vehicle or property thefts.• Park and retrieve automobiles for customers in parking lots, storage garages, or new car lots.• Inspect vehicles in order to detect any damage.• Perform maintenance on cars in storage in order to protect tires, batteries, and exteriors from deterioration.EDUCATIONBachelors in ScienceUniversity Of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ February 2012Associates in Arts in Criminal JusticeGlendale Community College - Glendale, AZ May 2009High School DiplomaSunrise Mountain High School - Peoria, AZ May 2003ADDITIONAL INFORMATION• Basic SQL Knowledge• Basic Unix/Linux Knowledge • Basic Java Script Knowledge • Basic Java Knowledge