Efrain Martinez Software DeveloperSan Juan, PR - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Efrain-Martinez/2f6b1f2a1659f8ceAction-driven and results-oriented IT Professional with solid experience in Software Developing. Possess excellent communication skills and the ability to work with multiple tasks on large scale projects simultaneously. Bilingual in English and Spanish. Specialties: Development tools: Microsoft Visual Studios Languages: C#, Asp.net, Visual Basic, VBA, jQuery, CSS, HTML, MSSQL Databases: MS SQL Server, Microsoft AccessWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperTruenorth Corporation - July 2013 to Present*Develop User Controls to use on main company website utilizing ASP.NET and SQL.*Develop and maintain PDA Inventory Application for keeping track of PDA's using ASP.net and SQL *Develop and maintain application for inserting and editing gps points for the use of PDAs and other application using ASP.net and SQL.*Develop and maintain Warehouse Inventory Application for keeping track of materials and equipments between five office regions using Access/VBA and SQL.Tools:-MS Visual Studios 2008/2010, SQL Management Studio 2010, Access 2010Languages:-C#, VB.Net, T-SQL, VBA, CSS, HTMLSoftware DeveloperMetroIT - San Juan, PR - November 2012 to April 2013Responsibilities* Create Access Database utilizing VBA to create forms, queries, and reports to make existing database more manageable.* Utilize C# to create a custom Excel to CSV converter for the Accounting Department* Utilize C# and Crystal Reports to create an application which generates books for the Accounting Department * Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011 - Upload data, Create Forms, Create Web Resources (javascript).Tools:-MS Visual Studios 2008/2010, SQL Management Studio 2010, Access 2010Languages:-C#, T-SQL, VBA, CSS, HTMLIndependant ConsultantTriple S Salud - February 2012 to November 2012* Updating different Web Services which manage transactions utilizing C#, Visual Basic, ASP.net, HTML, CSS and jQuery.* Added an interactive map which gathered information of discounts for Triple S clients utilizing ASP.net, HTML, Access 2010 DB, CSS and jQuery.￼* Edited store-like website in which clients could purchase Triple S’ products utilizing HTML and jQuery.* Created an online form in which clients can send claim reimbursements to Triple-S' representatives using ASP.net, jQuery, CSS and HTML.Tools:-MS Visual Studios 2008, SQL Management Studio 2008Languages:-C#, VB.Net, T-SQL, CSS, HTMLSoftware DeveloperPioneer Hi-Bred International Inc - August 2011 to January 2012* Migration of Excel database which kept all research data to SQL Server 2010 database.* Developed application for Green House department which show printable reports and graphics which showed experiment data (harvest dates, personnel to use, number of seeds to sow, ect.) utilizing C# and MSSQL Management Studio 2008.* Added a Touch Screen application for tablets computer to gather data for the Green House area utilizing C# and MS Access Database.* Developed application for Farming department that showed dates in which to apply different products to each material utilizing C# and SQL.* Edited application for the Research Area which keep a record of experiments with different and printable reports with graphics (personnel needed, embryos rescued with rescue date, etc).* Edited application for Backcrossing Area automatizing work metric calculation process eliminating the need for users to make Excel Reports.Tools:-MS Visual Studios 2008, SQL Management Studio 2008, Access 2007Languages:-C#, VB.Net, T-SQLEDUCATIONInformation Systems, Computer SciencesUniversity of Puerto Rico 2004 to 2010