Francesca Paoletti Software engineer - Adria LabSan Francisco, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Francesca-Paoletti/8d0c0c8fa873ca38* Driven professional with over 13 years of experience as a web applications java developer. * Experienced with all stages of the development cycle for dynamic web projects.* Fast learner and excited to embrace new technology.Excellent inter-personal skills and good team player.* Great analytical skills with ability to solve problems, organize and prioritize multiple tasks.* Experienced in Web and Client/Server Application development using Java technologies, including Servlets, JSP, Struts 2.0, JDBC, XML and Java Beans.* Experienced in data exchange interface development.* Experienced with Application Servers like Dynamo, Apache Tomcat Server 6.* Proficient in writing SQL queries and familiar with Stored Procedures.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware engineerAdria Lab - 2001 to Present Java web application developerClientIndesit Company (http://www.indesitcompany.com) is one of Europe's leading manufacturers and distributors of major domestic appliances (washing machines, dryers, dishwashers, fridges, freezers, stovetops, hoods, ovens and fume hoods). It has three brands (Hotpoint, Indesit, Scholtes) and more than 20 markets.Environment/toolsJava, JSP, Struts 2.0, JDBC, XML, Java Beans, Apache Tomcat, SQL, Oracle Database, DB Visualizer, Eclipse IDE, CVS version control, Ant, Torque, Log4J, Web Service, ImageMagickMain Projects➢ Web site management• Participated in all the stages of the websites development for three brands: http://www.indesit.com/indesit/http://www.hotpoint.euhttp://www.scholtes.com• Website rollout for all the markets• Website maintenance and update• Database administration: database modeling, data import and export.➢ CRM software for Hotpoint UK Call Center to find and order spare parts for appliances (http:// servicenet.indesitcompany.com)• Project coordination: managed scopes of work and time lines, interacted with the client to collect and document project requirements.• Java development: wrote all the servlets and beans of the application• Application maintenance: post roll-out support and enhancement activities￼➢ Applications to exchange information among different platforms such as the web environment and the Company PLM (Product Lifecycle Management) system; the web environment and the B2C system• Analysis and implementation of java applications that call store procedures, load dump files, process data, upload database tables, create pdf and excel files, create energy labels and technical fiche in compliance with the EU law.• Database design and implementation• Test, bug fixes and post deploy support➢ Website admin tool development• Analysis and implementation of java applications, jsp pages • Database modeling and implementation• Project coordination• Documentation and user tutorialMath TeacherPublic High Schools - 2005 to 2014Provided instruction in analysis, algebra, geometry, trigonometry and calculus in daytime classes for high school students as well as in evening classes for working adults.• Administered diploma exams: as part of the final exam committee, I prepared, corrected tests and interviewed graduating high school students.Software engineerSoftLab, Engineering Group - Roma, Lazio - June 2000 to February 2001Mainframe PL2 developer at Fideuram investment bank• Modified existing application code and built new application components from detailed requirements.Assistant controllerHoliday Inn - San Francisco, CA - 1997 to 1998Oversaw night audit function and prepared daily financial reports. • Prepared monthly inventory, budgets and forecasts• Audited and oversaw the accuracy of guest billingInternship as a Manager AssistantGranny Goose - Oakland, CA - 1997 to 19971997• Assisted the vice president of manufacturing in analyzing methods o manufacture and distribution of products and raw materials• Collected data from diverse sources, analyzed it and produced graphs in support of managerial decisionsAdministrative supportUniversity of Camerino - 1996 to 19961996• Entered data• Provided information to students about courses and examsEDUCATION University of Macerata2003 to 2005Istituto Mobiliare Italiano - Roma, Lazio February 1998 to June 1998Project ManagementUniversity of California Berkeley Extension - Berkeley, CA September 1997 to December 1997professional diploma in Business AdministrationUniversity of California Berkeley Extension - Berkeley, CA May 1997 to August 1997MathematicsUniversity of Camerino 1991 to 1996Johns Hopkins UniversityADDITIONAL INFORMATION Technical SkillsLanguages/Technologies: JAVA, JSP, Struts 2.0, CVS, Ant, Apache Torque, SQL, HTML, CSS, Javascript, Web services, RDatabase: OracleWeb Server: Apache Tomcat 6.0Development tools: Eclipse, Putty, Filezilla, DBVisualizer, Textpad, PSPad, Remedy Operating Systems: Windows, Mac, UNIX