Ilshat Gaymakov Network Administrator- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ilshat-Gaymakov/a1b0fb43b2936b30WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorNeftegazindustria IT, Russia - September 2009 to July 2014I have successfully trained more than 140 faculties of networking who are working in various locations.• Managing system administration, networking and hardware management & maintenance in the organization • MS SQL Servers, Lync, MS System center.• I was accountable for providing real time support to client computes• I had resolved all major issue of client sides like login error, printing dilemma, and connectivity problem• Servers management.Network AdministratorGazenergoset, Russia - January 2005 to September 2009Managing system administration, networking and hardware management & maintenance in the organization • Servers management.Network AdministratorNorth star, Russia - July 1998 to August 2005Managing system administration, networking and hardware management & maintenance in the organization • Servers management.EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Computer ScienceThe Ufa State Technical University 2013ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SUMMARY OF SKILLS• Passionate, diligent and focused Engineer with 15+ years of cumulative experience as a Network Engineer / Systemadmin / Desktop Support Engineer.• Technical knowledge & proficiency in system administration, network maintenance, hardware maintenance, operatingsystems, Windows (All versions) & MS- DOS and the willingness to learn and effectively apply new technologies.• Analytical thinker, consistently resolving ongoing issues, often called upon to consult on problems that have eludedresolution by others.• Extensive exposure to a comprehensive range of team activities, thrive on working in challenging environment.￼• Demonstrated problem analysis/ resolution skills, ability to troubleshoot, solve problems quickly & completely. • Excellent client management skills innate ability to build strong, lasting and mutually beneficial relationships.TECHNICAL SKILLSNetworkingNetwork processing, centralized and distributive network connection Installing, configuring and administering network technologies Microsoft Server Operating SystemsCitrix Xen ServerVMware• Ample knowledge in Windows (All versions)• Active directory management, NTFS security, disk quota management• Good understanding of OSI Model, TCP/IP protocol suite (IP, ARP, ICMP, TCP, UDP, RARP, FTP, TFTP) • Well understanding of Bridging and switching concepts and LAN technologies• IP addressing and subnetting, Routing concepts• Switches: Basic Configuration & VLAN setup on Cisco.• Router: Basic Configuration & monitoring of Cisco• Back-up and restore of all critical resources including router & switches IOS, Outlook, DHCP, DNS• Functioning knowledge of wan solution, protocol HDLC, PPP• Working knowledge of, DHCP Server, DNS Server, Proxy Server on Windows• Security administration port security on switch and IP security on Router via Access list• Familiar with web technology HTML CSS• MS SQL• MS System center• Lync• Setting up Secure NFS Servers with multiple Clients for File and Disk sharing.• Recover of root password securing terminalsHardware• Computer assembling and maintenance.• Troubleshooting hardware and software problems.• Installing and configuring the peripherals, components and drivers. • Installing software and application to user standards.