James GregoryIndianapolis, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/James-Gregory/47b12dd8067d4c56Dedicated IT professional with seventeen years of professional and diversified experience, bridging multiple industries and skill sets. Innovative problem solving and interpersonal skills, committed to expanding on the knowledge and professional experience attained, thus far. Seeking career employment opportunities in the Information Technology field.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperMy House Web Development, LLC - Indianapolis, IN - 2013 to Present ResponsibilitiesFreelance and Contract Web Application Development, using simple and minimalist front-end development with intuitive, lightweight and powerful back ends.AccomplishmentsExceptional at designing solutions by assessing client’s current web presence and system architecture to identify problems or abnormalities.Skills UsedDesign and implement websites and web applications, utilizing various versions of web application architecture, frameworks and API’s, including,-PHP and MySQL -ASP.NET -HTML5 -JavaScript.Real Estate Transaction Management ConsultantThe Realtor McCoy - Indianapolis, IN - 2013 to Present ResponsibilitiesAssist clients in all real estate transactions and prepare contracts and support various negotiations according to client need.Prepare and analyze various documents and information for real estate transactions such as purchase agreements, counter offers, inspections and responses.Utilize multiple software applications to assure administrative detail, delegate tasks, maintain deadlines and produce reports.Accomplishments￼Managed all transactions for Associate Broker in 2014 totaling $1.4M.Successfully prepared all required contracts related to each transaction.Monitor local real estate market trends and provide support and recommendations for market share.Assist with client proposal packages comparative market analysis reports.Skills UsedUtilize multiple software applications to assure administrative detail, delegate tasks, maintain deadlines and produce reports, including but not limited to:DotLoop - ZipFormsPlus - MS Office Suite - DocuSignOperations ConsultantHeadcase Salon - Noblesville, IN - 2006 to Present ResponsibilitiesResearch and formulate critical business decisions.Maintain scheduling calendar for staff and clients to assure efficient and profitable use of resources.Manage and administer accounts payable and receivables, prepare Federal and State reports and deposits.Control and monitor salon inventory, including office supplies, equipment and technology.Oversee and actively participate in client relationship management and acquisition.Manage all aspects of personnel management including hiring, training, personnel reviews and compensation.AccomplishmentsAssisted Owner/President in growing the company from start-up to consistently generating six-figure revenues in annual sales.Active role in developing current and prospective client accounts that have increased to over 750 since 2006.Co-develop strategies to maintain client retention rates that have increased average sales per client by nearly 30%.Skills UsedProject Management, Social Networking, Business ManagementSoftware Analyst and SupportCommunity Health Network - Indianapolis, IN - May 2012 to June 2013 ResponsibilitiesContract position where I provided workflow support to physicians and nurses for newly integrated electronic medical record system (EPIC).Responsible for application evaluation, implementation, support and maintenance for various EPIC modules.Prepared information and reports for daily staff briefings as Zone Leader, to 15 - 20 support consultants.Assisted in the development of internal FAQ system for automated support, using SharePoint.AccomplishmentsSuccessfully assisted in EMR implementation with minimal down-times or disruption to patient care.Skills UsedWindows 7, Bomgar, EPIC, Kronos, SharepointIT Deployment SpecialistIndiana University Health - Indianapolis, IN - November 2011 to May 2012 ResponsibilitiesContract position where I provided professional installation and support for in-patient ergonomic IT wall systems.Implemented new computer hardware and network technical design packages.Supported internal IT Help Desk staff with hardware and network troubleshooting, replacement and procurement.Routinely operated within Active Directory administering network resources, network files and printer shares.Performed break/fix and preventative maintenance on IU Health’s fleet of mobile medical carts.Skills UsedWindows Server, Active Directory, Window XP & 7, Sharepoint, CernerLandscape Construction ManagerCP Morgan - Indianapolis, IN - March 2004 to January 2006 ResponsibilitiesResponsible for managing multiple landscape installations for Indiana’s largest homebuilder at the time.Employed cost-saving strategies to ensure efficient procurement of landscape budgets, in excess of $5M.Directed multiple trade partners on several projects that spanned the Indianapolis metropolitan area.Actively participated in the development and implementation of CP Morgan’s corporate erosion and sediment control, management and reporting program.EDUCATIONB.S. in Information Technology - SoftwareWGU Indiana - Indianapolis, IN 2013 to 2016A.A.S. in Information TechnologyIvy Tech Community College - Indianapolis, IN 2011 to 2013Technical Certificate in AgronomyPenn State University - University Park, PA 1996 to 1998CERTIFICATIONSCOMPTIA A+January 2013 to PresentFundamentals of computer technology, installation and configuration of PCs, laptops and related hardware, basic networking, skills required to install and configure PC operating systems, as well as configuring common features (e.g. network connectivity and email) for mobile operating systems Android and Apple iOS.COMPTIA Network +January 2013 to PresentNetwork+ is an ISO-17024 compliant, vendor-neutral technology certification that verifies the certified individual has the skills and knowledge needed to take on a pivotal role in building, managing, and protecting the critical asset that is the data network.COMPTIA Project +February 2014 to PresentCompTIA Project+ covers the entire project life cycle, from initiation and planning through execution, acceptance, support and closure. It validates that project managers and team members have the classic project management skills to help them complete projects on time and within budget.CIW Web Design SpecialistFebruary 2014 to PresentThe CIW Web Design Specialist course is for the individual who wants to develop the skills necessary to specialize in Web site design. In this course, you will build upon your basic Web authoring skills to learn the essentials and best practices of Web design, including design theory, tools and technologies.