Jason LiI like designing and coding web apps.Los Altos, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jason-Li/23e33d6054a55349WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperVTR Voyages USA - Santa Clara, CA - November 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesI write web apps used by administrative staff. Since our team works with hundreds of partners to provide a complete travel experience, the administrative workers require powerful tools. One such app keeps track of how much money is paid to these partners.I also build and maintain the company website which features responsive web design and an interactive product showcase.AccomplishmentsI created a survey to help the company collect information about potential customers. The survey featured multiple choice, free answer, and rank questions. Then I created tools for marketing personnel to analyze the results. They can easily understand the data because responses are grouped by question or participant.I wrote and deployed five apps using the user-centered design process. Working closely with users and management, I developed tools with the sole purpose to maximize user efficiency. A portion of users are based in France who test builds by night and provide feedback to be implemented the next day.Skills UsedI have experience writing apps using a PHP server and MySQL database. For front/browser side code, I use HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.InternLaunchpay - San Francisco, CA - June 2012 to August 2012During my internship at Launchpay of San Francisco, a stealth-mode technology startup, I designed a hardware enclosure using Solidworks for a receipt printer that interfaced with the firm's platform. I believe the design was optimal in terms of user friendliness, cost of production, and looks.EDUCATIONBlack Belt in Web ProgrammingCoding Dojo - Mountain View, CA 2014BS in Information ScienceCornell University - Ithaca, NY 2013￼SKILLSHTML, CSS, php, JavaScript, Java, Perl, SQL, LaTeX, Photoshop, Ruby and RailsLINKS http://goo.gl/5rNpIb http://jl557.comAWARDSHTML and CSS qualificationJuly 2014This qualifying exam at Coding Dojo tested my ability to build a given modern business homepage in four hours using HTML and CSS. The test required HTML and CSS to be validated. I was tested on basic HTML constructs such as input and dividing content into sections. CSS concepts such as function bars, image sizing, form styling, and aligning content.php qualificationJuly 2014This qualifying exam at Coding Dojo tested my ability to build an incident report site in four hours using php, MySQL, HTML, and CSS. Users can read and add incidents which are stored in the SQL database and rendered by the php server.CodeIgniter qualificationAugust 2014At Coding Dojo I passed a timed exam that tested skills with the CodeIgniter MVC framework and a MySQL database. Users must login after registering because their task lists are private to them. The app displays the tasks due that day in tabular form. Also shown are tasks due in the future.node.js qualificationAugust 2014This exam asked tested understanding of node JavaScript framework. Using node.js, I built a simple auction site where products are shown to all connected users who bid. The highest bidder is updated on all user displays whenever someone bids a higher amount.Ruby and Rails qualificationAugust 2014For this exam I used the Ruby and Rails MVC framework to build a simple social networking site where people can connect. The app was designed with RESTful concepts which helps users understand its layout.￼￼