Jason NguyenSoftware Engineer - Periscope Holdings, IncAustin, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jason-Nguyen/d305afb99a91a801Java developer with 4 years of professional experience focusing primarily on Java based web-applications. In addition, I have strong front-end web development skills working with HTML/JavaScript. I strive to write neat, maintainable, and testable code and am an avid learner of new technologies primarily in the Java realm, but other areas as well.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware EngineerPeriscope Holdings, Inc - August 2014 to PresentDeveloper for BuySpeedOnline, a Java based web-application used as procurement software for the public sector.• Primary technologies used were Java, Struts, Spring, Tomcat, Oracle, MS SQL Server, JavaScript, jQuery, JSP.• Fixing various bugs and working with QA team and applying changes to various versions of our product to our clients.Web DeveloperMarkComm Department - April 2013 to July 2013Cirrus Logic• Developed REST web services and collaboration tool plug-ins for Atlassian Confluence and Jive Software for customers and for internal use within the company using mostly Java and jQuery.• Plugins were developed solely by me and ranged from client facing data dashboard tools (Jive) that would gather and display business data (JSON), to more social collaboration tools for Atlassian Confluence that would be used by various departments within the company.• Worked closely with a UI designer and project manager under agile lifecycle to develop plugins from concept to deployment, including writing documentation, and unit-tests.Software Engineer IIBlackbaud, Inc - April 2012 to April 2013Developer for Luminate Online, a CMS for various nonprofit companies using Apache Tomcat, Java, and Oracle as the backend where I focused mainly on adding new features to Java backend that dealt with online payment processing (credit cards, PayPal, Amazon). Developed code to handle credential verification that would communicate with various credit card company gateway APIs.• Added feature for the fundraising application to import and export site-wide message catalogs through basic front-end UI with some work on back-end to save and update global site-settings.• Also responsible for creating unit tests with JUnit and EasyMock for various features.Technical Lead and DeveloperGlobal Regulatory Compliance IT - May 2010 to April 2012Hewlett-Packard• Developed Java solutions to consolidate records from enterprise applications to HP's enterprise record system in order to meet company-wide business and legal standards. Records from different applications could originate from databases, web service calls, or file shares.￼• Also had small role as Java developer for pricing application that aggregates data in real time from databases (mostly Oracle and SQL Server) using RMI and SOAP front-ends. Developed new interface handling pricing data with Java using Hibernate.EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Computer ScienceUniversity of Texas at Austin - Austin, TX 2007 to 2010ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCOMPUTER SKILLSLanguages• Java, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML/CSS, JSPFrameworks• Spring, Struts, HibernateTechnology Experience• Database: Oracle, MySQL• Unix/Linux, Tomcat, Maven, JUnit, GIT, Jira, Confluence, Jive