Jay LinNetwork Administrator - International Computer Services, IncDayton, MD - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jay-Lin/81d80d678f5c3aa4Look for a position that utilizes my knowledge and experience on system and network administering, troubleshooting, and technical support and provides me with versatile and challenging responsibilities.TECHNOLOGYNETWORKING / HARDWAREDell Desktop: OptiPlex, Precision, Vostro, Alienware, Inspiron, Studio, Studio XPSDell Portables: Latitude, Adamo, Alienware, Inspiron, Inspiron Mini, Studio, Studio XPS Dell Server PowerEdge, Dell EMC Storage SystemIBM, Lenovo, HPNetGear GS724T ProSafe SwitchNetGear Router, Novell, CitrixDNS/DHCP, firewall, 802.11b/g/nWORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorInternational Computer Services, Inc - November 2010 to PresentServer install, deploy, migrate server roles, Active Directory, group policy.• Monitor system performance and involve in system assessment, integration plan and enhancement.• Troubleshoot network traffic and security issue and involve in network design, configuration, upgrade and setup.• Backup and restore network settings including router/switch status, security protocol and LAN TCP/IP setup etc.• Use RDP or Citrix Assistant to help or guide customers to diagnosis and resolve computer issues, install and remove software, and scan and clean viruses.• Perform on-site technical support; troubleshoot hardware, software, and system issues, backup and restore data, and perform operating system rebuilds.• Reload operating system with data restoration. Setup new computer with software installation & removal.• Hardware diagnosis, upgrades and repairs include new video cards, power supplies, memory, etc.• Computer scan, remove all viruses and spyware/malware, repair any operating system issues (boot issues, blue screens, etc.). Computer tune-up and optimization.• Install a security camera system for clients.Field Service TechnicianSmartech and Associates, LP - June 2010 to November 2010Perform on-site technical support on system and application software issues; install, configure, and upgrade systems and networks.• Perform on-site diagnosis, repairing, and replacing hardware components of laptops and desktops; guide clients on the operation of systems and maintenance of equipment as needed.• Document calls and summarize technical support solutions. • Earn reputation with high customer satisfaction.￼EDUCATIONM.S. in Computer ScienceSoutheastern University - Washington, DCB.S. in Automation Electronic EngineeringBeijing Union University - 北京市 ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONOPERATING SYSTEMS / SOFTWAREMicrosoft: Windows PC (XP, Vista, Win7, 8), Office 2007, 2010, 2013/365,Linux, Redhat, Ubuntu, Level Platform, LabTechWindows server 2008, 2012, Active Directory, Exchange Server, IIS, RDP, Power Shell, FTP, Kaspersky, Symantec Antivirus, McAfee,