Jia Lu Java DeveloperStaten Island, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jia-Lu/c34cf2a25f4fec7cJia Lu is an enthusiastic developer, who possesses keen ability in analyzing technical issues thoroughly and coming up with efficient solutions. He believes that quality and performance of designs will gain higher customer satisfaction. Jia has strong understanding of all phases of the software life-cycle, including requirements definition, design, testing, validation, implementation, and support. Jia is fully conversant with Waterfall and Agile software methodologies. His ability to plan ahead and prioritize tasks, as well as his calm and pleasant demeanor makes him a great addition to any team. In his pass time he likes to read.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperMacy's Merchandising Group - New York, NY - February 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesParticipate in software customization and enhancement of Enovia followed scrum framework, which Enovia is a product lifecycle management softwareSkills UsedTechnia PLM, Enovia MQL, XMLSoftware EnginnerAtrium Staffing - New York, NY - September 2013 to February 2014ResponsibilitiesParticipate in software customization and enhancement of Enovia for Macys Merchandising Group, which Enovia is a product lifecycle management software provided by Technia followed scrum frameworkSkills UsedTechnia Enovia, PLM, MQL, XML,JavaSoftware Developer ILocalEdge - Buffalo, NY - May 2013 to September 2013ResponsibilitiesParticipated in a migration project to update applications to java 7 and/or tomcat 7 followed scrum frameworkSkills UsedApache HTTP, Java, JUnitJava Developer TraineeFDM Group - July 2012 to December 2012Java Group Project: FDM Weekender• Participated to implement an Scrum managed project which finds shortest route from two locations in a scaled down NYC subway system with incorporation ofHibernate and Spring framework￼Java Project: Trading Platform• Implemented a trading system for stock exchange under object orientedprogramming with incorporation of MVC, Test Driven Development, and otherdesign patterns.Unix Project: Safe RM• Developed a shell script to prevent permanent file deletion. Unwanted fileswould be stored in recycle bin and able to retrieve when needed.SQL Project: Trading System Platform• Created a SQL script to information from multiple entities according to specificneeds. On the other hand, created a trigger to perform automated task upon designated eventsTech SupportNewline Internet Cafe - 2007 to June 2012Provided tech support for PC including hardware and software• Communicated to Internet service provider for Networking related issueEDUCATIONBachelor in Computer Engineering TechnologyNew York City College of Technology 2012ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONKey Skills: Java, J2EE, JUnit, UNIX Shell Scripting, UNIX, Oracle 10g, HTML, CSS, XML, JSP, Servlets, Tomcat, Maven, Spring framework, Hibernate, JPA, JavaScript, EclipseIDE, JDBC, SVN, Git, ArgoUML, Log4j, JSTL, Mockito, C & C++, , VHDL, ArduinoIDE, Linux, Mac Os, Mainframe Windows 98 - Present, Microsoft Office Suit