Jon EdwardsSoftware Developer - ABC Financial Services, IncConway, AR - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jon-Edwards/b3058d23cff55d8bI am looking to be a key player within a motivated team environment that can continuously challenge me and give me opportunities to tackle new obstacles, keeping my skills sharp and allowing me to learn new ones.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperABC Financial Services, Inc - November 2013 to PresentABC is the #1 fitness club billing and management software provider. ABC has been a great place to work and I have received some great training. I have worked with great developers and worked under great leadership during my time at ABC. I was hired as a C# developer, and since, have learned Java, Spring, and Oracle. I am a member of the API team that specializes in REST web services for vendors.Systems Analyst/Web DeveloperArkansas Department of Education - May 2013 to November 2013I was picked up by ADE after doing an exceptional job on some contract work. While atADE, I was responsible for maintenance and the implementation of features for theArkansas Educators Licensure System. This is a robust system that is used to track and issue licenses of all teachers in the state of Arkansas. In addition, I have developed andmaintained a metadata management system for the state's Statewide Information System, and a time and leave management system for within the department. The technologies used at ADE were ASP.Net and C# MVC3/MVC4.Email: baliztechsoftware@gmail.com ● Tel: (501) 766-9533 Freelancer Software and Web DevelopmentArkansas Department of Education - Branson, MO - March 2012 to May 2013March 2012 - May 2013Freelancer Software and Web DevelopmentAfter leaving CircuiTree, I decided to give self-employment/ freelancing a run. I must say Ireally enjoy it. I mostly worked with a group out of Branson, MO, Timeshare ReliefConsultants, Inc.(TRC). I have developed TRC's web-based system to track all of theirdeed transfers and mortgage cancellation deals. I've also developed multiple websites forTRC, focusing mostly on SEO and attracting new clients via the internet. I also assisted in the develop of the Statewide Information System Metadata Management System(SISMMS) for the Arkansas Department of Education as a contractor. Most of theseprojects were built custom using C# MVC3/MVC4.Software Engineering InternCircuiTree Solutions - October 2011 to April 2012I did an internship at CircuiTree Solutions, which is a satellite software development company of Kanakuk Camps. My duties were often to develop new software features, write￼documentation, execute database work, and assist developers with features and tasks. CircuiTree used VB.Net MVC and VB WPF for their applications.Sales AgentMarket Source - July 2011 to October 2011My job was to enlist walk-in customers to sign up for a presentation of a travel club. Myposition was commission based. Per tour, I was given $140.00 to work with in variousgifting options for the clients. My goal is to sell them on the presentation with as littlegifting as possible so that I can make better commission. I enjoyed this job because of the customer service skills and training I received, and the insight in to many aspects ofmarketing the position offered. I made custom WinForm applications to assist me and other agents in making tour sales.Developer/TesterEwebuild - January 2011 to April 2011In January of 2011, Ewebuild was founded and I was hired to find bugs and troubleshoot software that was designed to help roofing contractors better manage their businesses. This was a small startup company that didn't do too well due to lack of business sense. The software was online based using ASP.NET MVC 2.EDUCATIONCertificate of Proficiency in Software DevelopmentNorth Arkansas College - Harrison, ARADDITIONAL INFORMATIONProgramming Skills: C# JavaSpring.NET Entity Framework T-SQLPLSQLMySQLASP.NET ASP.NET MVC3/4 CSSHTMLSEOJavaScriptJQueryRESTful API Web Services MavenApplicable Skills: C# is my preferred language but I am highly proficient in Java and Spring Java. I am also very comfortable working directly with databases and writing queries in T-SQL, PL-SQL,and MySQL. In addition, I have strong web skills using jQuery/Javascript, HTML, CSS,and consuming web service APIs. While not incredibly strong with Shell Script, I can makemy way around a Linux box.