Jonathan CollettRichmond, KY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jonathan-Collett/fefd570c565d2457Certifications: CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Associate), Comptia A+ (800 series), Comptia Network+ (N10-005)• Highly skilled IT support technician with over eight years experience in customer service, networking, and computer related maintenance and repair.• Successful working with teams and self management.• In-depth knowledge of troubleshooting Windows operating systems.• Experienced in network infrastructure, remote support, and cable installation.• Excellent ability to utilize research to find solutions to unfamiliar technical problems.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorCamaro Central LLC - Richmond, KY - September 2014 to Present• Daily troubleshooting of issues with desktop hardware/software, email, networking, wireless, IP phones, and printers/copiers/scanners.• Answer, prioritize, document, and respond to incoming trouble requests from users within the company.• Resolve customer issues with regards to company ecommerce website.• Lead data migration project which consisted of moving SQL database from purchased competitor website to current company ecommerce platform.• Layout and design of newly launched ecommerce site including configuration of SEO optimization, marketing, and Google Adwords setup.• Setup and configured self-hosted email marketing software that continues to save the company thousands.Senior Helpdesk SpecialistLexmark International - Lexington, KY - March 2013 to September 2014• Provide installation and support of server based enterprise print authentication software on Windows server 2003/2008.• Configuration of print servers, HID smart card readers as well as integration with Active Directory, Firebird and SQL Databases.• Network troubleshooting ( Performance monitoring, Network traces).• Perform problem reproduction in lab and work directly with developers to implement bug fixes and feature requests.Computer Systems SpecialistOffice Link Solutions - Richmond, KY - February 2012 to March 2013• Performed network administration functions including design and installation of Windowsserver/client based network for Revel Dental (Nicholasville, KY). Continually provide routinemaintenance and break/fix repairs on all business systems.• Maintained POS workstations and implemented image database software for Richmond Pawn (Richmond, KY). Performed troubleshooting and reimaging for all systems for resale.• Installed workgroup network and performed all maintenance and break/fix repairs for Dr. Samuel D. Fritz, MD (Richmond, KY).￼• Participated in Windows 7 migration of over 30 systems at multiple branch locations for J.P. Morgan Chase (Lexington, KY).• Provided server installation of Helios salon management software as well as training and break/fix repairs for Sun Tan City (Lexington, KY)Computer Field TechnicianBest Buy Geek Squad - Lexington, KY - 2005 to 2011• Worked independently to provide installation, configuration and maintenance of Windows and Mac OSX desktop environments for residential and business customers.• Network Support and Design including router/switch installation and cabling.• Workgroup and Domain configuration (Group Policy, Active Directory)• Hardware troubleshooting and parts replacement (Dell, HP/Compaq, Sony, Toshiba).• Completed data backup, migration and OS Image deployments.• Apple, Android and Microsoft mobile device configuration.• Provided technology training for clients as well as hardware/software recommendations. • Self-managed time and scheduling including logging, updating and closing service calls. • Maintained company vehicle, cell phone, and product inventory per company guidelines.Helpdesk Support TechnicianEchosat Communications - Lexington, KY - 2003 to 2005Echosat Communications• Supported over six thousand point of sale systems via phone and email.• Scheduled technician service visits and installs.• Collaborated with network engineers to resolve and prevent server issues. • Performed equipment packaging and shipment to customer locations.EDUCATIONComputer EngineeringSpencerian College - Lexington, KY 2004 to 2006SKILLS• Windows Server 2003/2008 administration with Active Directory/Group Policy. Windows desktop support, VMware/HyperV, Linux. Cisco routers(RIP/V2, EIGRP, OSPF, BGP), switches (VLAN, STP, VTP, Access Control Lists), Cisco Access Point's (Wireless security, Radius server deployment). Network Security(Firewalls, VPN, IPS), Mobile device configuration. • Electronics Theory, Electrical test equipment, schematics, soldering.CERTIFICATIONSComptia A+ (800 series)Comptia Network+ (N10-005)Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) Routing and Switching