Joseph Hernandez Project ManagerOlathe, KS - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joseph-Hernandez/13e22e417a1b0ca9WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperSelf-Employed - Overland Park, KS - April 2013 to Present• Served as a project manager and developer on 5 projects. The tasks include: o Database Designo Web Designo QA Testingo Phone app development (Intel XDK)o Writing HTML, CSS, PHP, and JavaScript Code.• Designed a website for Cutting Green LLC (bestlawncarekansascity.com) and Freightsnap.com o Used CMS Joomla, WordPress, and coded without the use of a CMS.o Custom HTML and CSS used to make a responsive for the Freightsnap website.o Knowledge of enabling websites through bash command line, Debian.o Used SEO research and knowledge to optimize the Cutting Green LLC website.• Provide debugging, development, and update support for existing web applications.• Read and debug JavaScript and PHP code to identify bugs and test calculations.• Installed ffmpeg on a Debian Server using the command line:o Installed compiler and dependencies.o Built, deployed, and tested.• Working knowledge of the Intel XDK IDE.o Created and support a geolocation phone application.• Experience working on Windows 8, Mac OS X, and Ubuntu-Linux environments.• Experience setting up a production server.o Activated IIS 7.o Installed and configured MsSQL.o Setup Oracle Virtual Box.〓 Installed LAMP Stack with a Debian operating system.o Perform weekly backups of both the VirtualBox, MsSQL, IIS 7 websites, MySQL.o Perform image backups and setup an AWS server.• Researched and develop a database backup plan.• Working knowledge of Git version control using the Github UI and bash line.• Create stored procedures and queries to be used in web applications.• Installed multiple instances of MSSQL.• Designed and updated databases for web applications.• Import data into MSSQL.• Created SQL queries to be used for reporting purposes.• Manual QA testing on all web applications and mobile applicationso Test environments include Chrome, IE (9, 10, 11), Firefox, and Safari.o Familiarity with developers tools to debug code and test new code.o Ability to test and resolve bugs.• Worked with web services written in PHP and C#.o Returned values in both JSON and XML.￼• Understand and ability to update C# code.Small Market Payroll SpecialistPAYCOR - Lenexa, KS - 2012 to 2013Manage 150 payroll accounts and answer inbound calls.• Setup garnishments, child support orders, and adjustments.• Document work orders and requests. Scan and index important payroll documents (Child support orders, garnishments, change of addresses, notification of bank account changes, etc.)• Answer tax questions, offer advice, educate client on payroll topics, analyze and generate reports.Financial Specialist IH&R BLOCK BANK - Kansas City, MO - 2008 to 2012Opening Checking, Savings, CD's, and IRA accounts.• Processing IRA Distributions, Conversions, Death and Divorce transactions.• Organizing and Processing IRA Transfers In/Out.• Analyzing and processing excess distributions and re-characterizations.• Answer incoming and make outgoing calls to retain customers and answer questions.• Process CD redemptions and processing outgoing wires.• Research IRA tax corrections on customer issues.• Managed and worked with vendors on our gift card program.• Created test cases, executed, and analyzed cases that were processed through the system. • Report Monitoring• Train new employees and contractors on various IRA/Bank processes.o QA data that was processed by othersProject ManagerH&R BLOCK BANK - Kansas City, MO - 2009 to 2010Responsible for working on multiple projects within the H&R Block Bank to include: Escheatment, Gift Card program, Call Center - Voice Guided Menu and Franchise Money Market Account. Through these projects I outline project details, objectives, goals, assumptions, contingencies, project cost and listed the project team roles and responsibilities.• Project managed and document work flows for our phone system and organized the implementation of an escheatment process for traditional bank accounts.• Created timelines to ensure the successful completion of various projectsTellerFIRST NATIONAL BANK OF OLATHE - Olathe, KS - 2006 to 2008Managing vault log and balance sheet• Sell and Buy cash from the Federal Reserve• Managing the savings bonds• Manage ATM Logs and balance sheet• Manage Gift Card log and balance sheet.• My current training taught me how to open Checking, Savings, CD, IRA, Business accounts • Daily teller work/Manage Customer Information and Balance Drawer.TellerUNITED MISSOURI BANK - Kansas City, MO - 2002 to 2006Manage Vault Log and Balance Sheet• Manage ATM Logs and Balance Sheet• Manage Traveler's checks, Gift Cards, Cashier's Checks, and Money Order Log and Balance Sheet • Daily teller work/Manage Customer Information and Balance Drawer.EDUCATIONWeb Developer CertificateJOHNSON COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Overland Park, KS 2013 to 2014Project Management EssentialsJOHNSON COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Overland Park, KS September 2011Bachelor of Science in Business ManagementFRIENDS UNIVERSITY - Wichita, KS September 2008Associate of ArtsJOHNSON COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Overland Park, KS June 2007General StudiesKANSAS STATE UNIVERSITY - Manhattan, KSLINKS http://www.linkedin.com/pub/joseph-hernandez/89/361/289ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONHighly motivated and results-oriented professional with exceptional analytical and communications skills. Ten plus years of Customer Service and Banking experience. Project manager experience with a emphasis in web and database design, and testing. A solid track record of consistently meeting and exceeding company goals, quotas, objectives and deadlines.• Proven ability to cultivate productive relationships with customers and manage projects to achieve company goals.TECHNICAL SKILLS:• HTML, CSS, T-SQL, MySQL, pHp, JavaScript, jQuery. • Adobe DreamWeaver and Aptana• Microsoft Visual Studioo Asp.net and C#￼