Joseph Licwinko Software Developer - Pearson Vue, BalaPhoenixville, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joseph-Licwinko/adb742b8e61628c7WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperPearson Vue, Bala - Cynwyd, PA, US - October 1997 to PresentWeb Base Candidate Course, Form, and Certification Product (Agile)(J2EE, Java, JSP, Ant, Struts, Seam, JavaScript, AngularJS, JBoss, MS SQL)I work in an Agile Scrum Team that develops, enhances, and supports applications for a web base product that processes candidates' information for courses, forms, and certifications. This product is written in Java, JSP, JavaScript, and AngularJS, uses Struts and Seam, compiled and built with Ant, runs on a JBOSS server, and uses a MS SQL Database.Notable Projects:• New Client Implementations-Prepare product database, permissions and skins for a new client• Course Provider Processing-Allows course providers the ability to maintain candidates submittedcredits and statuses.• Form Summary-Summary System that processes and displays the amount of credits submitted by a candidate on an online form per course and also calculates remaining credits needed.• PayPal Implementation-Enable candidates the ability to use PayPal as a payment source.• Form Paging-Enables candidate the ability to page through an online form and remembers last paged viewed before saving or existing.Web Base Licensing Application Processing and Licensing Registry System (PL/SQL, SQL Forms, Oracle, ASP, HTML, JavaScript, Perl, C, Pro C, Korn)I develop, enhance, and support applications for a web base product that processes license applications. This product is written in ASP, HTML, and JavaScript, and uses an Oracle Database. I also develop, enhance, and support a licensing registry system. This system is written SQL Forms, C, Pro C, and PL/SQL, and uses an Oracle Database. Utility functionality for the licensing registry system also uses Perl, and Korn.Notable Projects:• Online Licensing Renewal-Enables licensees the ability to renew their license online• Back End Licensing Application Process-Processes the information from licensing applications and updates the the licensing registry system accordantly• Data Conversions-Converting data for initial implementations and also converting to newer￼platforms.• Data Extracts-Extracting licensing data in various format for our client use• Document Generators-Generating various documents for both licensee (licenses, certification letters) and internal use (accounting reports, license status reports)Exam Results Processing System(Visual Basic, ASP, HTML, JavaScript, PL/SQL, MS SQL)I develop, enhance, and support applications for a product that processes exam results. This product is written in ASP, HTML, JavaScript, Visual Basic, PL/SQL using a MS SQL Database.Notable Projects• Data Extracts-Generating exam results extracts in various formats for client use• Data Imports-Accepting files in various formats to be imported into the exam results processing systemProgrammerEquipnet, Inc - Sharon Hill, PA - March 1996 to October 1997Home Healthcare Order Entry, Accounting, and Inventory System (C, Korn, Informix ISAM)I developed, enhanced, and supported applications for an internally used Order Entry, Accounting, and Inventory System to support a home healthcare product business. This system was written C and Korn used Informix ISAM.Notable Projects:• Order Entry-Enabled users the ability to enter a healthcare order• Accounts Receivable-Enabled users the ability to enter accounting entries• Inventory Selection-Enabled users the ability to maintain home healthcare inventoryProgrammerTrue Form Apparel - Sharon Hill, PA - January 1995 to March 1996Clothing Inventory Systems (Ingres SQL, Basic, Open Basic4)I developed, enhanced and supported two Clothing Inventory Systems, one using Ingres SQL, and the other using Open Basic4.Notable Projects:• Information Inquires-Enabled users the ability to view inventory information • Technical User Support-Helped users with computer, terminal, printer, and bar code scanner problems and configurationsProgrammerAmerican Business Computers - Richboro, PA - July 1993 to July 1994Flooring Wholesale Industry Order Entry, Accounting and Inventory System (C, Korn, Informix ISAM)I developed, enhanced, and supported applications for an Order Entry, Accounting, and Inventory System sold to the Flooring Wholesale Industry. This system was written in C and Korn using Informix ISAM.Notable Projects:• Information Inquires-Enabled users the ability to view inventory information • Data Conversions-Converted outside data to the flooring systemEDUCATIONBachelor of Computer SciencePennsylvania State University - University Park, PA