Joshua Tomlin Software Developer - DeloitteSanta Fe, NM - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Joshua-Tomlin/90eca73f12aa366e• 20 months of Java J2EE software development experience implementing technologies such as EJB and JDBC.• 20 months working with the automate decision management software Corticon.• Developed and alter Java methods for Corticon using EJB.• Good understanding of front end technologies such as CSS, JavaScript, and HTML.• Good knowledge of implementing Spring API and configuring beans using IOC and AOP features of Spring. • Good understanding of SDLC models like Rational Unified Process and Agile.• Good understanding of software designing using UML diagrams such as use case, activity, sequence and class diagrams.• Extensive knowledge in software version control using Clearcase integrated with Eclipse• Good development and deployment experience using the WebLogic server on Eclipse Blue Edition.• Hands on working knowledge on J-Unit testing framework using annotation for creating test cases to test application modules.• Intensive working knowledge in SQL and using database management systems such as Oracle 11g. •Created daily reports for the departmentWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperDeloitte - Santa Fe, NM - July 2013 to PresentASPEN ProjectThe ASPEN application was developed to reduce the impact of poverty on people living in New Mexico by providing support services that help families break the cycle of dependency on public assistance. I worked in the Eligibility department where we performed maintenance on the system. The Eligibility department used the client's income, living arrangements, citizenship, dependents and other factors to determine eligibility for SNAP, TANF, Medicaid, or LIHEAP.Responsibilities:• Used the workflow animation tool ClearQuest to assign, update, and send off resolutions to the case workers throughout the state of NM.• Completed ticket issues by using SQL to find and update missing data inside the Oracle 10g database.• Updated rules inside Corticon and updated entities using EJB.• Daily meetings to discuss what needed to be completed for the day.• Debugged through the EJB technology to find bugs and errors with certain case issues.• Checked in new code and rules through the Clearcase repository.• Developed java methods to create new rules for the Corticon rule engine.• Trained new workers to get them up to speed with the development.• Created daily reports for the department.Environment: J2EE, EJB 2.1,Oracle 11g, Eclipse Blue Edition,Corticon,SQLimage1.gif [GIF Image]￼image2.gif [GIF Image]EDUCATIONBachelors of Science in Engineering and TechnologyJackson State University - Jackson, MSADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL SKILLS Skill CategorySkillsOperating System Windows 7, XP, VistaProgramming Languages Java, JavaScriptWeb Technologies Spring 3.0, Struts, JSPMiddleware EJB 2.1IDEEclipse Blue EditionRDBMS/Query Languages Oracle 10g - 11g, SQLRepositories ClearcaseMarkup/Styling Languages HTML, CSS, XMLORM Tools Hibernate 3.6Testing Tools JUnitRules Engine Software CorticonJoshua Tomlin