Jowel MohabeerNetwork Administrator at New Horizons Computer Learning CenterPoinciana, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jowel-Mohabeer/7c4d37b7997714f6WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorNew Horizons Computer Learning Center - Orlando, FL - October 2011 to Present• Maintain and administer computer networks and related computing environments including computer hardware, systems software, applications software, and all configurations.• Perform data backups and disaster recovery operations.• Diagnose, troubleshoot, and resolve hardware, software, or other network and system problems, and replace defective components when necessary.• Plan, coordinate, and implement network security measures to protect data, software, and hardware.• Configure, monitor, and maintain email applications or virus protection software.• Operate master consoles to monitor the performance of computer systems and networks, and to coordinate computer network access and use. Load computer tapes and disks, and install software and printer paper or forms.• Design, configure, and test computer hardware, networking software and operating system software.• Monitor network performance to determine whether adjustments need to be made, and to determine where changes will need to be made in the future. Confer with network users about how to solve existing system problemsRoute DriverFrontline Freight - Orlando, FL - November 2009 to September 2010• Obey traffic laws and follow established traffic and transportation procedures.• Inspect and maintain vehicle supplies and equipment, such as gas, oil, water, tires, lights, or brakes, to ensure that vehicles are in proper working condition.• Report any mechanical problems encountered with vehicles.• Present bills and receipts and collect payments for goods delivered or loaded.• Verify the contents of inventory loads against shipping papers.• Maintain records, such as vehicle logs, records of cargo, or billing statements, in accordance with regulations. • Report delays, accidents, or other traffic and transportation situations to bases or other vehicles, using telephones or mobile two-way radiosInstallation and Service TechnicianRalph's Transfer - Orlando, FL - September 2005 to June 2008• Disassemble appliances so that problems can be diagnosed and repairs can be made.• Bill customers for repair work, and collect payment.• Trace electrical circuits, following diagrams, and conduct tests with circuit testers and other equipment to locate shorts and grounds.• Service and repair domestic electrical and/or gas appliances such as clothes washers, refrigerators, stoves, and dryers.• Replace worn and defective parts such as switches, bearings, transmissions, belts, gears, circuit boards, or defective wiring.• Talk to customers or refer to work orders in order to establish the nature of appliance malfunctions.• Reassemble units after repairs are made, making adjustments and cleaning and lubricating parts as needed.￼• Record maintenance and repair work performed on appliances.• Provide repair cost estimates, and recommend whether appliance repair or replacement is a better choice. • Maintain stocks of parts used in on-site installation, maintenance, and repair of appliancesDeliver/InstallerPush Pedal Pull - Mountainside, NJ - August 2000 to September 2004• Disassemble broken or defective equipment to facilitate repair and reassemble equipment when repairs are complete.• Install or replace machinery, equipment, and new or replacement parts and instruments, using hand or power tools.• Examine and test machinery, equipment, components, and parts for defects to ensure proper functioning.• Position vehicles, machinery, equipment, physical structures, and other objects for assembly or installation, using hand tools, power tools, and moving equipment.• Adjust, maintain, and repair tools, equipment, and machines, and assist more skilled workers with similar tasks. Adjust, connect, or disconnect wiring, piping, tubing, and other parts, using hand or power tools.EDUCATIONNew Horizons Computer Learning Center - Orlando, FLADDITIONAL INFORMATION* Installation and troubleshooting of computer hardware and software* Installation of operating systems and configuration* Introduction to proper maintenance and safety precautions in reference to computer equipment * Assembly, set-up and configuration of computer equipment and peripherals* Fundamentals of TCP/IP configuration and IP addressing* Overview of networking terminology, models, topologies, and media* Hands on experience with Ethernet cable testing and copper media construction* LAN and WAN environments exposure