Juan Sanchez Network Engineer / AdministratorSan Francisco, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Juan-Sanchez/14bb1a0fc10156fa• Motivated Network Engineer / Administrator with 15yrs experience and successful track record of process improvement. Able to quickly master new applications and processes. Thrive in fast paced, high pressure environments; strong multi-tasking ability. Dedicatedteam- builder with attention to detail and organization.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorYardi Systems - Goleta, CA - March 2013 to July 2014Maintain and administer 33 Corp/ 7 data center networks and related computing environments including network hardwarecomputer hardware, systems software, applications software, and all configurations.• Perform network device data backups and disaster recovery operations.• Diagnose, troubleshoot, and resolve hardware, software, or other network and system problems, and replace defectivecomponents when necessary.• Plan, coordinate, and implement network security measures to protect data, software, and hardware.• Operate master consoles to monitor the performance of network systems, and to coordinate computer network access and use.• Design, configure, and test network hardware, networking software.• Monitor network performance to determine whether adjustments need to be made, and to determine where changes will need to be made in the future.• Research new technologies by attending seminars, reading trade articles, or taking classes, and implement or recommend the implementation of new technologies.• Analyze equipment performance records to determine the need for repair or replacement.• Implement and provide technical support for voice services and equipment.• Recommend changes to improve systems and network configurations, and determine hardware or software requirements related to such changes.• Perform routine network startup and shutdown procedures, and maintain control records.• Maintain logs related to network functions, as well as maintenance and repair records.• Develop and interpret organizational goals, policies, and procedures..• Meet with department heads, managers, supervisors, vendors, and others, to solicit cooperation and resolve problems.• Train and supervise staff, or participate in staffing decisions.• Direct daily operations of department, analyzing workflow, establishing priorities, developing standards and setting deadlines.Network AdministratorInTouch Health - Goleta, CA - August 2004 to November 2012Maintain and administer server networks and related computing environments including computer hardware, systems software,applications software, and all configurations.• Perform data backups and disaster recovery operations.￼• Diagnose, troubleshoot, and resolve hardware, software, or other network and system problems, and replace defectivecomponents when necessary.• Plan, coordinate, and implement network security measures to protect data, software, and hardware.• Configure, monitor, and maintain email applications or virus protection software.• Operate master consoles to monitor the performance of computer systems and networks, and to coordinate computer networkaccess and use.• Design, configure, and test server hardware, networking software and operating system software.• Monitor network performance to determine whether adjustments need to be made, and to determine where changes will need to be made in the future.• Research new technologies by attending seminars, reading trade articles, or taking classes, and implement or recommend the implementation of new technologies.• Analyze equipment performance records to determine the need for repair or replacement.• Implement and provide technical support for voice services and equipment, such as private branch exchange, voice mail system, and telecom system.• Recommend changes to improve systems and network configurations, and determine hardware or software requirements related to such changes.• Coordinate with vendors and with company personnel to facilitate purchases.• Perform routine network startup and shutdown procedures, and maintain control records.• Maintain logs related to network functions, as well as maintenance and repair records.• Develop and interpret organizational goals, policies, and procedures.• Develop computer information resources, providing for data security and control, strategic computing, and disaster recovery.• Meet with department heads, managers, supervisors, vendors, and others, to solicit cooperation and resolve problems.• Recruit, hire, train and supervise staff, or participate in staffing decisions.• Review and approve all systems charts and programs prior to their implementation.• Direct daily operations of department, analyzing workflow, establishing priorities, developing standards and setting deadlines.• Evaluate the organization's technology use and needs and recommend improvements, such as hardware and software upgrades.• Develop system engineering, software engineering, system integration, or distributed system architectures.Network AdministratorSanta Barbara School District - Santa Barbara, CA - October 2001 to August 2004Maintain and administer computer networks and related computing environments including computer hardware, systemssoftware, applications software, and all configurations.• Perform data backups and disaster recovery operations.• Diagnose, troubleshoot, and resolve hardware, software, or other network and system problems, and replace defectivecomponents when necessary.• Plan, coordinate, and implement network security measures to protect data, software, and hardware.• Configure, monitor, and maintain email applications or virus protection software.• Operate master consoles to monitor the performance of computer systems and networks, and to coordinate computer networkaccess and use.• Design, configure, and test computer hardware, networking software and operating system software.• Monitor network performance to determine whether adjustments need to be made, and to determine where changes will need to be made in the future.• Confer with network users about how to solve existing system problems.• Analyze equipment performance records to determine the need for repair or replacement.• Maintain an inventory of parts for emergency repairs.• Recommend changes to improve systems and network configurations, and determine hardware or software requirements related to such changes.• Gather data pertaining to customer needs, and use the information to identify, predict, interpret, and evaluate system and networkrequirements.• Perform routine network startup and shutdown procedures, and maintain control records.• Maintain logs related to network functions, as well as maintenance and repair records.EDUCATIONA+, MCP in Computer EngineeringNew Horizon - Oxnard, CA 2002 to 2003CCNA in Network EngineeringHorizon - Oxnard, CAADDITIONAL INFORMATION• Hardware\ Software Configuration and Installation:Load Balancer F5Series, Load Balancer Ecessa Powerlink Series, Load Balancer Peplink Series. Cisco Routers, ASAs, PIX, Catalysts Series. Cisco AP's: Aironet, Meraki Wireless, DNS, DHCP, QOS, NAT, TRUNKS, VLAN, VPN tunnels, OSPF, BGP, Spanning, Access lists, IP routing, IP Helper, SNMP, IP SLA, Tracks, Stacking, SYS Logs. HP Switches: ProCurve Series, VOIP- DELL Switches: Power Connect- Newtork Security: Radware Defense Pro\ Alteon, Websense - Bandwidth optimization: Riverbed- Monitoring Tools: Solarwinds, Servers Alive, PRTG- Shoretel VOIP Switches: ShoreGear T1 PRI, Shoretel 50, Shoretel 24, Shoretel VPN Concentrator, Mitel VOIP System.DELL Servers: IBM Servers, HP Servers, SAN Storage: EMC - VNX Series, QNAP - TS series, IBM - DS Series.Backup, Tape Storage: Quantum Scalar i80, Quantum Superloader 3, HP Ultrium 3000, Server OS: Windows Server 2003 - 2012, Ubuntu Server, Novell Server, Server Configuration and Applications: Domain Controllers, Catalog Servers, DNS, DHCP, Server Logs, MS Exchange Server 2003-2010, SQL Server 2003- 2012, MYSQL, MS CRM Server, MS Great Plains Server, MS SharePoint Server, Sales Force, Print Server, Perforce Server, Fogbugz Server, XWALL Email Filter Server, Backup Exec 2012 Server, TrendMicro Enterprise Server, VSphere ESXI 5.0, Veeam Backup Server, Equity Stock Options Server, Blackberry server, FTP server, ManageEngine Server -Helpdesk, Service Tag, Solutions portal. Visualization: Hyper-v, VMware, Parallels. Client OS: Windows, Mac, Ubuntu, Client Applications: Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Publisher, Solidworks, Visual Studio Pro, Perforce, Great Plains, Fogbugz, Sales Force, MS CRM. ISP: Time Warner, Verizon, Covad, AT&T, Cox, Road Runner 263.net, SingTelData Centers: Savvis, Sungard, Level 3, Equinix