Justin Jessup AlienOne Security LLCWilmington, DE - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Justin-Jessup/92d21d5523d1654cWe work with our customers devising robust unconventional computer network defense strategies that place our customers on equal or superior footing to their adversaries. We leverage cutting edge computer network defense technologies, driven by tactically superior computer network defense strategies. We exist as a company to aide your company in becoming competitive against the adversaries seeking to do harm to your organization. We believe security involves the human aspects of your organization as much as the technological aspects of your organization. Unconventional computer network defense visionaries, strategically motivated by martial combat philosophical ideologies. In the cyber arena your company is at war every second of every day.WORK EXPERIENCEComputer Network Defense Solutions ArchitectAlienOne Security LLC - Washington, DC - February 2014 to PresentProviding open source tailored computer network defense solutions to Intelligence Community, Federal Civilian, and Fortune 100 customers. Designing Cyber Intelligence Threat indicator data mining architectures to drive Intelligence driven Computer Network Defense Detection Strategies. Developing cutting edge Computer Network Defense Detection Use Cases utilizing a conglomeration of commercial and open source tool sets.Data Mining Architect/Cyber Security StrategistAlienOne Security LLC - Fairfax, VA - January 2013 to February 2014Supporting Intelligence Community Computer Network Defense operations to include SIEM data mining requirements implementation, and Computer Network Defense Strategy requirements implementation. Integration of strategic data feeds, systems architecture design, and closed source and open source computer network defense threat stream indicator integration. Formulated, and developed a Computer Network Defense Strategy for a major member of the Intelligence Community. Conducted vendor product evaluations of emerging cutting edge computer network defense technologies.Utilized: ArcSight 5.5, ArcSight 6.5c, RHEL, Python, Violin, FusionIO, elasticsearch, Neo4j, MongoDB, SplunkPrinciple Security Architect/Principle Security StrategistAlienOne Security LLC - New Carrollton, MD - June 2011 to January 2013Supporting the IRS Enterprise Security Audit Trails customer, utilizing ArcSight to process the IRS Production Enterprise FISMA Audit Log Data. Provided a new ArcSight data mining systems architecture which will process 10+ terabytes of data per day, 300+ terabytes every 30 days, and 1+ petabytes of compressed FISMA audit log data every 90 days. The project has entailed developing ArcSight Flex Connectors, writing Tivoli deployment packages in Korn Shell and Python, and development of a new systems design to support the ArcSight data mining requirements of the IRS customer. Completed Phase I Requirements Analysis and Testing, and Phase II Initial Production Deployment ArcSight ESM 6.0c with the FusionIO NAND PCIe technologyUtilized: RHEL, Solaris, Python, Korn, Bash, ArcSight 5.2, ArcSight 6.0c, FusionIOPrinciple Security ConsultantKnowledge Consulting Group - McLean, VA - April 2008 to May 2011￼Assigned to the Federal Bureau of Investigation as the FBI Principle ArcSight Subject Matter Expert in support of the FBI Enterprise Security Operations Center. Within 30 days provided the customer with a proposed new scalable modular systems design across three domains, and provided the customer with a transition plan to migrate from ArcSight 3.5 to ArcSight 5.0. Within a span of three years, successfully turned the customer's ArcSight security operations center implementation into a highly effective world class implementation. Visibility within the customer's enterprise went from a very low percentage of visibility to a very high percentage of visibility, significantly improving Computer Network Defense Operations.Utilized: ArcSight, RHEL, Ruby, BashPrinciple Security ConsultantKnowledge Consulting Group - Madrid, Madrid - January 2008 to April 2008Functioned as an ArcSight Subject Matter Expert to the Telefonica customer in Madrid Spain. Provided a new ArcSight systems data mining architecture design per the customer requirements. Successfully, transitioned the customer through Phase I requirements analysis and testing, handing the project off to the next security consultant at the start of Phase II initial production deployment. Utilized Linux,Windows,Utilized: ArcSight, RHEL, Solaris, Ruby, Korn, BashPrinciple Linux ArchitectCIBER - Rockville, MD - October 2006 to January 2008Functioned as the Principle Linux Architect to the AARP customer in Rockville, Maryland. Designed a systems and security architecture to support the Oracle Identity Management application suite. Provided a multi geographical fail over architecture which maintained the access and identity information for 36+ million AARP members. Member access and identity information authenticated AARP members to the core AARP portal located at www.aarp.org. The project transitioned successfully through Phase I requirements analysis and testing, to Phase II initial production deployment, to Phase III debugging and performance tuning and certified the architecture to fall under permanent change management control. Successfully maintained an uptime SLA of 99.9% uptime.Utilized: Ruby, RHEL, Oracle 10g, Oracle Identity Management Suite, Oracle Internet Directory.Security ConsultantKnowledge Consulting Group - McLean, VA - July 2005 to October 2006Functioned as an ArcSight Professional Services Travel Team member in support of the United States Army 1st Information Operations Command Ft Belvoir, United States Air Forces in Europe, Regional Computer Emergency Response Team Fort Huachuca, Regional Computer Emergency Response Team Daegu South Korea, Regional Computer Emergency Response Team Mannheim Germany, and Regional Computer Emergency Response Team South West Asia Camp Arifjan Kuwait. Conducted site surveys, initial ArcSight product deployments, performance tuning, and no notice on call global support of ArcSight problem sets for my customer base. Additionally, supported a cyber security research anddevelopment project centered around the ArcSight product at John Hopkins Applied Physics Research Laboratory in Laurel, Maryland.Utilized: ArcSight, Bash, Korn, Perl, Ruby, Linux, Solaris, Windows.Security and Systems EngineerAISG - Alexandria, VA - November 2004 to July 2005Functioned as a Security and Systems Engineer at the Defense Threat Reduction Agency on Telegraph Road in Alexandria, Virginia. Supported the DTRA Research and Development Network and Data Center, conducting research and development in support of various scientific projects at DTRA. Supported multiple Linux high performance computation clusters, SGI big iron systems, and SUN Solaris servers. Deployed a secure DNS architecture re-purposing F5 DNS appliances with NetBSD, BIND9, DNSSEC, and Sender Policy Framework.Additionally, functioned as a Systems Engineer in support of the Defense Threat Reduction Agency high performance computing resources for a team of Phd's in Meteorology conducting meteorological meso- scale forecasting research utilizing the Regional Atmospheric Modeling System[RAMS] application. Managed multiple Linux High Performance Computing clusters, SGI systems, and various SUN Solaris servers. Utilized: Linux, OpenBSD, NetBSD, Solaris, IRIX UNIX, Ruby, Python, Perl, Bash, Korn, AwkScientist EngineerATK Mission Research Corporation - Alexandria, VA - February 2004 to November 2004Functioned as a Scientist Engineer in support of the Defense Threat Reduction Agency high performance computing resources for a team of Phd's in Meteorology conducting meteorological meso-scale forecasting research utilizing the Regional Atmospheric Modeling System[RAMS] application. Managed multiple Linux High Performance Computing clusters, SGI systems, and various SUN Solaris servers.Utilized: Bash, Ruby, Python, Perl, Awk, Linux, Solaris, and IRIX UNIX.Security EngineerTeksystems - Huntsville, AL - December 2003 to February 2004Worked on the United States Air Force Ground Based Missile Defense Project as a member ofa Certification and Accreditation Vulnerability Assessment Team. Tasked with researching design vulnerabilities in systems and network architectures for command and control systems, and preparing for network and systems audits.Utilized: RHEL, Solaris, Debian, Net/Free/Open/BSD, C, Perl, Ruby, Bash, KornSystems AnalystNorthrup Grumman Information Technology - Washington, DC - January 2001 to November 2003Worked as a Systems Analyst for the Department of Justice Civil and Civil Rights Division. Conducted Windows workstation and server administration, CITRIX administration, Blackberry Support and administration. Wrote an automated Perl program that scanned the division workstations via the Windows Remote Method Invocation API pulling back workstation serial numbers, host names, and IP addresses for inventory purposes. Conducted windows support from an OpenBSD workstation. Utilized sharity-light for remote interaction with end user workstations, and sysinternals ps tools, and citrix thin client from the OpenBSD workstation to a Windows server when windows tool sets were necessary.Utilized: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP, OpenBSD, Linux, PerlEDUCATIONGraph Data Modeling with Neo4jneotechnology - Herndon, VA 2014 to 2014LinBit Certified Engineer in - DRBD, PacemakerLinBit Training - Washington, DC 2014 to 2014Neo4j Tutorial in Graph Database Technologyneotechnology - Washington, DC 2013 to 2013Software Security Foundations in Computer SecurityStanford University Stanford Center for Professional Development - Stanford, CA 2012 to 2012Python 1: Beginning PythonUniversity of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - Urbana, IL 2012 to 2012Cloudera Administrator Training for Apache HadoopCloudera University 2012 to 2012Practical Python ProgrammingDabeaz LLC - Chicago, IL 2012 to 2012Advanced Python MasteryDabeaz LLC - Chicago, IL 2012 to 2012Oracle Access Manager AdministrationOracle University 2007 to 2007Master of Science in Network Security - NSA Approved Information Assurance Graduate ProgramCapitol Technology University - Laurel, MD2001 to 2003Unix Shell ProgrammingUniversity of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD 2000 to 2000Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice AdministrationPark University - Parkville, MO 1993 to 1998SKILLSSubject Matter Expert Cyber Security Data Mining Solutions. Computer Network Defense Strategies, Cyber Intelligence Gathering Methodologies, Secure System Design, Secure Application Integration, Cyber Security Monitoring. Proficiency in Linux(RHEL6/5/4,Suse,Ubuntu,Gentoo), Python, Go, Nimrod, Clojure, Bash/Korn/ Zshell, Chicken Sheme, OpenBSD, NetBSD, FreeBSD, ArcSight 3.5, ArcSight 4.0, ArcSight ESM(4.5, 5.0, 6.0c, 6.5.0c, 6.5.1c, 6.8c), ArcSight Logger, ArcSight Smart Connector, Oracle(11g/10g), Oracle Identity Management Suite, ZeroMQ, RabbitMQ, AWS, picloud, Heroku, MongoDB, Cassandra, MemSQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL,Hadoop, Hive, Pig, Disco, Spark, Storm, FusionIO, Neo4j, PowerShell 3.0/4.0, Elasticsearch + Logstash + Kibana(ELK), LinBit(DRBD, PaceMaker), Python Fabric, OpenNMS, Oracle JMX, Jolokia, DockerLINKS http://alienone.github.io/Malcode_VirusTotal http://alienone.github.io/OpenNMS/ http://alienone.github.io/PowerShellRemote￼￼￼http://alienone.github.io/RemoteManagement/ http://alienone.github.io/Tor_Monitoring http://alienone.github.io/Twitter_Monitoring http://alienone.github.io/export_system_tables http://bit.ly/13qBoizhttp://bit.ly/17BZy0n http://bit.ly/184V7J9 http://goo.gl/rMw4CmCERTIFICATIONSArcSight ESM Security Analyst ArcSight ESM Administrator ArcSight Advanced Administrator Software Security Foundations C|EHJune 2013 to June 2016Information Systems Security Professional(NSTISSI 4011)May 2003 to PresentInformation Systems Security Officer(CNSSI 4014)May 2003 to PresentSecurity+ceDecember 2013 to December 2016ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Current TS/SCI CI Polygraph￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼