Justin Giorgi Software Developer - Jeld-WenKlamath Falls, OR - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Justin-Giorgi/14de63be37b78f24I'm a simple developer specializing in testing and automation. I believe that automation and thorough test cases improve the maintainability of software. Developers should be spending time delivering value to the user and the business not fixing an endless stream of mysterious bugs. I make that happen with a combination of unit tests, functional test cases and automated code deployment.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperJeld-Wen - August 2013 to PresentAutomating testing, deployment and data migration for critical sales technology. Eliminating human error while freeing developers to improve the customer experience.* Utilized Jenkins and Batch scripting to automate our multi-stage build and deploy process. * Eliminated severe post production data errors with custom built testing tools using a Python, MongoDB stack.* Leveraged internal XML and JSON APIs for testing and data migration.* Freed developer resources by automating tedious data maintenance tasks with Selenium and Python scripts.Lead DeveloperInfoCream LLC - October 2012 to August 2013Developed and deployed search engine analytics software for human-centric search results. Developed means to handle large quantities of data with limited storage and processing resources.* Deployed a fault tolerant, automatically scaling infrastructure using Debian Linux onAWS.* Handled large volumes of data and requests using a MongoDB cluster as a data store and job queue. * Developed a JSON API for both internal and public use.* Utilized Python and Django webstack to handle API requests and web traffic.PartnerGiorgi, Straitt and Associates - May 2011 to August 2013Development of next-generation web applications and games. Responsible for implementingimpossibly accurate physics with limited computational resources. Worked with a small team of remote developers on the physics and gameplay backend of a small MMO-RTS game.* Worked with clients on external projects while maintaining and developing internal systems.* Enabled distributed, low-latency physics processing using RabbitMQ.* Implemented continuous integration using TDD, Jenkins and BASH scripting.Developer￼Kamili Clusters - February 2007 to January 2012Developer on a team working on a web, mail and database SaaS cluster. Successfullyimplemented fault tolerance and disaster recovery that could deployed with a small and inexpensive cluster of machines.* Packaged installation packages for Debian and RedHat systems.* Maintained internal Debian testing cluster.* Developed automated setup and teardown scripts for the testing cluster.SKILLSPython,Amazon Web Services (AWS),MongoDB,SaaS,SQL,Linux,Web Development,Automation,HTML5,Selenium,CSS,Jenkins,APIs,Software Deployment,IPv6,Test Driven Development