Karan KhareFront End Developer/ Software Developer/ iOS App developerSan Jose, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Karan-Khare/bd143452a1222c9cProficient New Grad available for full time position in “Software Development Industry” from June 2015 where I can utilize my skills to deliver the quality output.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperRunes Graphics - Santa Clara, CA - January 2015 to PresentResponsibilitiesI work here as a full stack developer, and taking part in front end development, business layer development and sometimes as well looking into the database of the project.But, I completely own the front end development part of the projects.Skills UsedHTML 5, CSS 3, PURE CSS, Bootstrap, CKEditor, MYSQL, PHP Codeigniter, MySQL, Amazon Cloud Services, REST, GIT, Adobe PhotoshopWeb DeveloperGradestack Pvt. Ltd - Noida, Uttar Pradesh - May 2013 to December 2013Collectively managed web development team of 3 web developers and was responsible for end to end development support.• Worked on Responsive designs using CSS LESS framework and Twitter Bootstrap framework.Industry Projects• Interactive Widgets Development, Product Automated Learning Module API Integrations, Front-End Development.Jr. Software EngineerMettl Pvt. Ltd - Gurgaon, Haryana - June 2012 to April 2013Worked in the Agile Development Environment in the team of 7 for the regular product module release on sprint basis.• Development tools used in the projects were Java Springs, Maven HTML 5, CSS, Javascript, and Jquery. While the Versioning systemsused was SVN along with Bugzilla for bug maintenance. We used Jenkins to regular build management.• Effectively demonstrated writing skills through the creation of various manuals for understanding, installation and maintenance.• Closely worked with the designer for front end development of the product and also worked with the client for their product needs.• I worked over Automated Telephonic Interview System, Automated Grading Module, Website Front End DevelopmentSoftware Development InternHCL Inforsystems - Noida, Uttar Pradesh Responsibilities￼I worked as a intern and among team of professional developers I held the responsibility of handling the web File upload and conversion of old legacy files into Database format.I worked on Java, JSP and Servlets and closely intreated with Amazon Web Services to deploy these functionalities over.AccomplishmentsDuring this period, I for the first time worked in a truly professional environment. I learned a lot about the process flows and working independently on the tasks.EDUCATIONBachelor of Technology in Computer Science and EngineeringAmity University - Noida, Uttar Pradesh June 2012Master of Science in Computer ScienceSan Jose State University - San Jose, CASKILLSWeb Technologies: HTML 5, CSS3, Twitter Bootstrap, PURE CSS, Javascript, JQuery, AngularJS, JSON, Web Sockets, AJAX, XML, LESS Languages and Frameworks: PHP Codeigniter, Kohana, Objective C (iOS), Core Java, C/C++, C#Machine Learning Technologies: H2O, Weka, R, Apache MahoutDatabase: Oracle 10g, MYSQL, MS SQL Server, NEO4JOthers: GIT, XAMPP, Apache Tomcat, Amazon Web Services, Agile, Adobe Photoshop, Atlassian, Bugzilla,VMware, Maven, Jenkins Operating Systems: Windows, Ubuntu, Backtrack, Mint Linux, MacintoshLINKS http://bit.ly/1poaPVQ http://linkd.in/Z8wEnpADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSince, I am going to graduate in May 2015 so I am readily available to work full time from June 2015.I hold few other achievements that you might be interested to go through are as follows:I held the first place for the Yahoo hackathon conducted in SJSU. We were a team of 4 where everyone equally contributed for the challenge, My responsibility included problem planning and completely take hold of the Front end development and controller level data formation for the Project.I am also a side time mobile iOS developer, I develop iOS apps using Objective C and also in the process of learning SWIFT programing. I voluntarily contributed in two of the apps in the app store 1.) Conquest Film Festival App, 2.) Undisclosed (for privacy policy reasons).I am a great enthusiast of machine learning as well trying to do my final year project with iOS app and machine learning.￼￼