Kasey Reid Network AdministratorHuntsville, AL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kasey-Reid/0a9606547c9f23b4I'm currently on track to graduate with a Bachelor's in Management Information Systems. My intent is to pursue aMaster's Degree in Information Security after gaining additional experience. My goal is to always fulfill my role asbest as I possibly can and gain as much knowledge that is available to me.Cumulative GPA: 3.56RELEVANT COURSES COMPLETED• Database Design & Implementation• Information Security and Policy• Bus. Applications in C++ and Advanced Bus. Applications in C++• Bus. Applications in Excel and Access• Network Mgmt. & Telecommunications and Advanced Business Networks• Multimedia Applications• Management Information Systems •WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorCAYMAN ISLANDS MONETARY AUTHORITY - January 2014 to January 2015DEC 16 - JAN 3 2014DEC 15 - JAN 2 2015A position that was apart of an internship opportunity. I was working as a Network Administrator in the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority. I was required to assist the IT department with various duties and I had the opportunity to help several managers, supervisors, and heads of divisions with their technical problems. Some of my tasks were as follows:• Running the IT Help Desk with other members of the IT department. Assisting any employees who contacted the help desk with technical problems.• Ghost Imaging multiple PC's.• Creating spreadsheets to monitor printer ink usage and the inventory of computer equipment and network technologies.• Reformatting computers.• Moving and setting up computer equipment for employees.• Replacing cables connected to the switch in the intercom room and monitoring them for any prob- lems that may arise in the future.￼• Charging and testing satellite phones.• Assisting in the backing up of a switch.• Assisting employees with installing software, log in problems, setting up phones in offices, net- work connectivity, and any general technical issues they may have needed assistance with.• Remotely accessing machines to assist with technical issues.I was also able to participate in various projects within the IT department. I was tasked to monitor anOutlook 2013 profile on an exchange server with one of my co-workers in the I.T department. This was to test theOutlook 2013 profile for any problems before migrating other users of the company to Outlook 2013.SECURITIES ADMINISTRATORFIRST CARIBBEAN INTERNATIONAL BANK - June 2013 to January 2014 JUNE 28 2013This position was apart of a team of security administrators that was responsible for going through the loan applications for the clients of First Caribbean International Bank and checking them for errors and irregulari- ties of any kind. My role in this team was to:• Copying and scanning security documents.• Organizing scanned documents on a file server in Barbados.• Filling out attestation forms and signing off on them with other team members to check accuracy of documents scanned.• Assisting the team leader with dispersing information to other team members.• Maintaining a spreadsheet that tracked the progress of the team.NETWORK ADMINISTRATORCAYMAN ISLANDS MONETARY AUTHORITY - July 2008 to August 2013I.T ASSISTANTKPMG - June 2009 to July 2009This position comprised of:• Reformatting business computers.• Assisting office employees with computer related problems. • Assisting in networking.• Assisting in fixing Blackberries.• Assisting in fixing company printers.• Installation of company phones.• Installing programs for various office personnel.• Moving and reconnecting computer equipment.EDUCATIONOakwood University 2011 to PresentInternational College of the Cayman Islands 2010 to 2011LINKS http://www.linkedin.com/pub/kasey-ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLS• Using and installing Virtualization Software (Parallels Desktop, VMware, and VirtualBox)• Basic knowledge of Kali Linux usage• Proficiency in the use of MS Office, Adobe Photoshop, and Adobe Premiere Pro.• Competent in Windows OS, Mac OSX, and Linux• Experienced in programming in C++.• Proficient knowledge of networking technologies such as hubs, routers, switches, and firewalls.• Proficient knowledge of how to fix networking issues• Experience in helping employees with their computer problems and maintaining their computers. Expe- rience in proficiently working within a team and actively keeping up with the duties of my roles.• Setting up and querying a database￼