Keith McIsaacLawton, OK - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Keith-McIsaac/f5cc38d7a1a9ef82WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorCameron University - Lawton, OK - January 2001 to Present ResponsibilitiesSupervised a Help Desk Coordinator, two Assistant Network Administrators, and a Distance Learning Technical Coordinator as well as indirectly supervised four full-time computer technicians, three part-time interns, and ten student technicians.Trained and supervised student technicians and assisted them with their duties when it was a technical nature the students were not accustomed to solving.Converted Novell servers to Windows domain servers and file servers.Established and implemented policies, procedures and standards, ensuring conformance with information systems and objectives.Researched and provided recommendations and price quotes for network hardware/software, network related servers, smart classroom audio/video systems, and other items that had a technical nature.Assisted with budget planning as well as purchasing equipment for many departments on campus.Credit card holder for Information Technology Services.Maintained inventory documentation, disposed of inventory according to policies, and developed Electronic Media Sanitization procedures.Purchased, maintained, and installed SSL certificates on web servers and appliances.Provided upper management recommendations related to purchasing and installing hardware, software, and telecommunications equipment.Created and maintained network documentation to include Visio diagrams, fiber optic numbering, patch panel labeling, and cable labeling.Provided documentation for procedures for various networking or audio-visual implementations.Configured, installed, and maintained over 125 Cisco network switches.Managed an audio/video automation system, matrix A/V switcher, satellite TV receivers, TV channel demodulators, SD CATV modulator, and fiber-optic based CATV encoder/decoder systems for the campus TV channel.￼Installed, configured, and maintained wireless controllers and over 150 wireless access points.Configured authentication, roles, IP hosts, services, and bandwidth settings for wireless clients.Managed LAN security and network performance.Instructed users in the use of equipment.Installed, configured, and maintained VMware ESX and Hyper-V host systems along with virtual systems primarily for network monitoring or audio/video recording systems.Managed Active Directory user, computer, and group information when necessary.Configured network printers to include disabling unused ports, assigning IP addresses (either static or static DHCP reservations), and installing printer drivers on client computers.Joined/disjoined client computers and servers to the campus Windows Active Directory domain servers.Utilized encoder/decoder systems to provide video streaming for the campus TV station between two campus locations.Configured, installed, and maintained enterprise level network management software.Configured a syslog server to accept logs from network switches, wireless access points, and network appliances.Created, maintained, and documented/labeled VLANs, NAT, connected routes, and static routes.Configured and maintained over 120 IP based security cameras along with recording software on servers directly attached to storage arrays.Configured and maintained intrusion prevention systems, bandwidth management systems, firewalls, and deep packet inspection systems that include protocol analyzers.Terminated, tested, located, and labeled CAT5/6/6A cables using TIA-568B cabling standard using standardized equipment for wall plates, jacks, and cabling.Provided VPN site to site connections when needed and maintained the ability for RDP and VPN connections from off-site faculty, staff, and building locations.Configured and maintained H.323/IP based video technologies such as Polycom and Tandberg for ten distance learning classrooms located at two geographically separate campuses and in various buildings.Designed, recommended, installed, and configured smart classroom technologies to include computers, document cameras/visual presenters, DVD/VCRs, LCD monitors, Extron A/V switchers and touch panels, projectors, microphones, and speakers.Skills UsedOn-call 24/7 experience with cell phone or texting/email support.Working experience with Windows 7/8.1, Windows 2008 R2 Server, Windows 2012 Server, and core Microsoft Office software.Working experience managing Windows based or appliance based DHCP/DNS assignments.Knowledge of the various classes of IPv4 addressing and how to subnet IP addresses using CIDR and Subnet Masks.Knowledge of the difference between TCP and UDP ports and what many port numbers are used for.Knowledge of the 7 layers of the OSI Model and how they work with various types of network technologies.Working experience with VLANs, NAT, and basic routing.Working experience with advanced configuration of Cisco network layer 2/3 switches and Cisco wireless access points to include port fast, bpduguard/bpdufilter, basic ACLs, DHCP snooping, and port security.Working experience with network security to include firewall rules, intrusion prevention systems, anti-malware, and simple forensic techniques.Understand the differences and limitations of multimode and singlemode fiber as well as fiber optic modules.Able to read quickly and understand technical manuals and brochures to determine equipment needed for projects and how to install, configure, and maintain equipment effectively.Working experience with terminating and testing CAT5/6/6A cabling with male or female connectors and directly to patch panels.Knowledge of basic cabling standards in regards to cable lengths and plenum vs non-plenum.Able to articulate effectively in both oral and written/electronic forms to include email, text, and instant messaging.Able to communicate effectively and with professionalism to customers, auditors, vendors, technical colleagues, and Internet providers.EDUCATIONBS in Computer Information SystemsCameron University - Lawton, OK 1995 to 1999CERTIFICATIONSCompTIA A+July 2016CompTIA Network+July 2016CompTIA Security+July 2016CCNA R&S