Kyle NicholasWeb Developer - Personal WebsiteHattiesburg, MS - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kyle-Nicholas/7a49943362193609WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperPersonal Website - Hattiesburg, MS - 2015 to PresentJava SQLwww.kylenicholas.org PHP MS OfficeMy personal website which acts as a resume page specifically Switches Routerstargeted toward my skills, services, and education as a Quickbooks UNIX/Linuxdeveloper. For this project, I used WordPress and set up the Online Marketing Managementwebsite as a one-page informational/contact form with fade-in Windows XP/Vista/7 and parallax features as the user scrolls down.Web Developer/AdminPersonal Website - Pascagoula, MS - 2015 to Presentwww.jerrysautoelectric.netJerry's Auto Electric is an automotive repair shop that has beenserving the Pascagoula area for over 22 years. My job was to develop their website that is visually appealing, user friendly, anddisplays all their services and necessary information. Additionally,I provide online marketing for site traffic and am currently the administrator for all maintenance issues and updates.Web DeveloperPersonal Website - Hattiesburg, MS - 2015 to Presentwww.theshopdowntown.org/BBQCurrently being hosted on a sample site from another website. The mission for this project is to perform an upgrade on Rose's BBQ already existing website by making it more modern, visually appealing, and to maintain it with updates/changes in a timely manner.Web Developer/AdminPersonal Website - Hattiesburg, MS - 2015 to Presentwww.southernexchange.net/dollarboxCurrently being hosted on a sample site from another website, the new website for The Dollar Box Showroom | Benny's BoomBoom Room downtown Hattiesburg is nearing its launch date.The mission of this project was to conjoin two prominent musicvenues (both under the same ownership) into one website that isvisually appealing, user friendly, and ahead of the competition in overall quality.Web DeveloperHub City Access - Hattiesburg, MS - 2014 to Present￼www.hubcityaccess.comA City of Hattiesburg/E3 Health Initiative project. The vision ofHub City Access is to enhance and create environments that aresafe and healthy and to build programs that enhance the developmental assets needed by youth of all ages to becomeresponsible, productive adults and leaders in the community.Web Developer/PC TechnicianThe Shop Downtown - Hattiesburg, MS - 2014 to PresentResponsibilities include consulting on projects regarding webdesign and development, software design for web and smartphone apps, IT support for PC hardware and software, PCclean-up and virus removal.InternThe Shop Downtown - Hattiesburg, MS - June 2014 to August 2014Responsibilities included PC cleanup, virus removal, datarecovery, installing and maintaining Internet routing and connectivity, contributing to web design projects and maintenanceservices.Web DeveloperCanebrake Community - Hattiesburg, MS - 2014 to 2014 2014www.canebrakecommunity.comThe website's purpose is to showcase the many amenities and family-friendly lifestyle of Canebrake Community in whichresidents can access private residential-only information and outside users can inquire about moving into the community.Office ManagerElton V. Elkins Appraisal, LLC - Purvis, MS - 2011 to 2014Created and maintained database for all appraisal files - includingreports of all formats (.aci, .env, .xml), invoices, client payments,client billing, scheduled appointments, licenses, insurances, andW9s. Registration of clients and AMCs, daily communication with clients and/or AMCs, reviewed and submitted appraisal reports toAMC and other clients. I.T. support for my employer through TeamViewer software due to different working locations.Office ManagerThe Property Shop - Moss Point, MS - 2010 to 2011Created and maintained database for all appraisal files - includingreports of all formats (.aci, .env, .xml), invoices, client payments,client billing, scheduled appointments, licenses, insurances, andW9s. Registration of clients and AMCs, daily communication with clients and/or AMCs, reviewed and submitted appraisal reports toAMC and other clients. I.T. support for my employer. Use ofQuickBooks to process payroll for over 15 employees.EDUCATIONEDUCATIONUniversity of Southern MississippiT and managementUniversity of Southern Mississippi - Hattiesburg, MS