Larry Wetzel NETWORK ADMINISTRATORButler, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Larry-Wetzel/5260610d1308c827WORK EXPERIENCENETWORK ADMINISTRATORTitus Networking, Inc - Butler, PA - May 1999 to December 2012Provided network administration services to customers including Waste Management, Cardello Electric, World Class Processing, Allegheny Petroleum and many others in the Pittsburgh area.Recent experience with: Microsoft Server, virtual servers and desktop operating systems; Microsoft Exchange; QuickBooks and other financial/payroll systems; Microsoft Office and other desktop applications; anti-virus software; backup software; tape drives; printers; routers and remote access software.Skilled in data recovery and repair on notebooks, desktops and servers, in-house expert on virus/hijacking prevention and recovery.Successful in situations requiring customer confidence, excellent communication, technical writing and interpersonal skills.Demonstrated ability to manage new projects while providing daily LAN maintenance, administering network policies and meeting client needs.SENIOR TECHNICIANBronder Technical Services - Butler, PA - February 1998 to May 1999Installed and maintained Continuous Emissions Monitoring Systems at electrical generation facilities.Installed Aviation Obstruction Lighting and Cellular Telephone relay stations.ENVIRONMENTAL MONITORING SPECIALISTInternational Chimney Corp - Buffalo, NY - May 1987 to February 1998Responsibilities included: design, installation, EPA certification and maintenance of large continuous emission monitoring systems with PC based Data Acquisition Systems.Author of Quality Assurance Program manuals and consultant to major utilities (Florida Power & Light and Rochester Gas & Electric) in the area of EPA certification for Opacity Monitors.Experienced in repair and calibration of Ambient Gas, Flow and Opacity monitors.FABRICATION DEPARTMENT MANAGER AND SERVICE DEPARTMENT REPRESENTATIVEFlash Technology Corp - Nashua, NH - May 1980 to May 1987Installed and maintained high intensity strobe lighting that involved climbing and working on towers up to and above 2,000 feet in all-weather day and night.￼Duties included teaching factory schools on strobe lighting and piloting company aircraft used for business transportation throughout the U.S. and Canada.Developed and managed fabrication department for manufacture of sheet metal strobe light components, responsibilities included: employee supervision, ordering material and meeting manufacturing deadlines.EDUCATIONProfessional PilotingPurdue University 1974 to 1975Professional PilotingWilmington College 1972 to 1973Lake Region High Scool Graduate 1971 to 1972ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONFor almost fourteen years I provided network administration services in many situations for Titus Networking and I am experienced at network problem solving. I have also maintained a variety of equipment that required mechanical skills in addition to electronic and computer skills. I have a work history of success in situations requiring customer confidence, excellent communication, technical writing and interpersonal skills. In previous positions I have represented my employer to the customer at the customer’s location and understand the importance of creating confidence by attention to detail. All of my experience has involved travel to the customer’s site and maintaining an expense account. Thank you for your consideration.