Leonardo HiranoNetwork Administrator - ALL AMERICAN SUPPLYTorrance, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Leonardo-Hirano/d15ff421dc742b8eWORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorALL AMERICAN SUPPLY - September 2011 to PresentAnalyze equipment performance records to determine the need for repair or replacement. • Train people in computer system use.• Load computer tapes and disks, and install software and printer paper or forms.• Perform routine network startup and shutdown procedures, and maintain control records. • Perform data backups and disaster recovery operations.• Plan, coordinate, and implement network security measures to protect data, software, and hardware.• Diagnose, troubleshoot, and resolve hardware, software, or other network and system problems, and replace defective components when necessary.Technical Support SupervisorALL AMERICAN SUPPLY - Philadelphia, PA - April 2010 to PresentInspect equipment and read order sheets to prepare for delivery to users.• Maintain system logs and manuals to document testing and operation of equipment.• Develop and upgrade preventative maintenance procedures for components, equipment, parts and systems. • Procure parts and maintain inventory and related documentation.• Plan, estimate, or schedule production work.• Identify and implement new manufacturing technologies, processes, or equipment.• Identify and resolve equipment malfunctions, working with manufacturers and field representatives as necessary to procure replacement parts.• Confer with staff, users, and management to establish requirements for new systems or modifications.• Provide customer support and education, working with users to identify needs, determine sources of problems and to provide information on product use.• Adjust and replace defective or improperly functioning circuitry and electronics components, using hand tools and soldering iron.• Ensure adherence to safety rules and practices.• Perform routine equipment maintenance.• Develop production, inventory, or quality assurance programs.• Select material quantities and processing methods needed to achieve efficient production.Training ManagerPRIMEFLIGHT AVIATION - Philadelphia, PA - October 2009 to April 2010Develop testing and evaluation procedures.• Develop and organize training manuals, multimedia visual aids, and other educational materials.• Conduct orientation sessions and arrange on-the-job training for new hires.• Conduct or arrange for ongoing technical training and personal development classes for staff members.• Plan, develop, and provide training and staff development programs, using knowledge of the effectiveness of methods such as classroom training, demonstrations, on-the-job training, meetings, conferences, and workshops.￼Training ManagerUNITED STATES AIRFORCE - McGuire AFB, NJ - June 2005 to June 2009Received an "Excellent" rating during department inspection• Participation in Training and Leadership Seminars• Responsible for transitioning Air Force paper records into a Database software called TBA (Training Business Area) within a timeframe of one month• Tracking of over 100 training requirements for more than 75 employees• Supervision of counseling and feedback sessions to analyze training program• Monitoring, testing and scoring for all employees• Training of 15 supervisors on record maintenance and other duties• Development, organization and briefing of a new training program to be completed by new employees. This program consisted of three volumes: Passenger service, cargo processing, and aircraft configuration. This resulted in an increase of test scores by 5% and passing rate of 100%Field Service TechnicianENVIRONMENTAL SYSTEM PRODUCTS - Fullerton, CA - May 2004 to June 2005Identify and resolve equipment malfunctions, working with manufacturers and field representatives as necessary to procure replacement parts.• Adjust and replace defective or improperly functioning circuitry and electronics components, using hand tools and soldering iron.• Perform preventative maintenance and calibration of equipment and systems.EDUCATIONBachelors of Science in System AdministrationSTRAYER UNIVERSITY - Cherry Hill, NJ September 2012Diploma in Computer Networking and SecurityLINCOLN TECHNICAL INSTITUTE - Philadelphia, PA September 2011ITT TECHNICAL INSTITUTE - Torrance, CA