Luis Perez Software EngineerOrlando, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Luis-Perez/e443b786895be6ddWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperAkcelerant - Malvern, PA - October 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesSoftware Developer• Web application development using .NET Framework 4.5 and Visual Studio 2013.• Manage projects under an SQL Server 2012 Backend and develop database objects such as Stored Procedures, basic queries and Functions.• Create Technical Design Documents used for the applications development and testing.• Part of agile scrum meetings and work using the SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle).• Developed new products using the following programming languages and tools: VB.Net, C#, HTML5, Javascript, Jquery, Jqgrid, MVC, SQL Server 2012, Accurev, Akcelerant Framework, CSS3 and T-SQL.Skills UsedTeam Work, Hard Work, DedicationSoftware Engineer IIHoneywell - Aguadilla, PR - May 2014 to October 2014ResponsibilitiesProvide support to the U.S Department of Defense projects.Member of a cross-functional development team - ETS (Engineer Testing Services) team.Manage requirements, design, code, test, and integrate real-time embedded software for Inertial Navigation Systems with an embedded Global Positioning System receiver.Resolve software discrepancies.Generating required software documentation (Qualification Test Procedure, Software Engineering Document, Software Design Document, Acceptance Test Procedure, Interface Control Document, and Software Requirement Specifications).Responsible for managing schedule and budgeted hours for specific tasks assigned to them.Create and/or modify source code for programs to test hardware specs (VB6, C++, Foxpro, Access).AccomplishmentsGreen Belt Design for Six Sigma Training, Team work, Hardware/Software testing.Skills UsedCritcal thinking, ownership, leadership, new ideas, practical solutions.￼Programmer Analyst IISoftek - San Juan, PR - September 2009 to June 2014ResponsibilitiesProgrammer Analyst II• Responsible of the development and maintenance of web-based applications such as ISOtrain Web 6, iKAT, iEnroll, iRoster, iConnect, iDoc, iHR, iTrain, iReport and iMail.• Develop all software applications under the Microsoft ASP.NET Web Forms and ASP.NET MVC structures using C# and Visual Basic language.• Provide input in multiple application designs for the different projects assigned.• Provide support in the development of multiple database-centric programs, such as Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views and Oracle Packages.• Develop applications using third-party programming tools and control toolkits such as Telerik, Llblgen Pro, JavaScript and AJAX.• Develop reports using Active Reports.• Support software customers related to QA, IT and product problems or questions• Provide support in the administration of all Oracle databases used for development activities at Softek Export. • Serve as main Softek Export liaison in the 2013 Visual Studio Live Conference in Orlando, Florida.• Served as a Quality Assurance Specialist during a 3-month period in which I was in charge of executing an Installation Qualification (IQ) Protocol, executing an Operational Qualification (OQ) Protocol and developing a Traceability Matrix related to the iDoc product.• Execute other tasks as required by the team.Skills UsedTeam Work, good development skills, leadership, ownership, new ideas and solutions to problems.ResearcherU.S. Department of Homeland Security - San Juan, PR - May 2010 to May 2011ResponsibilitiesResearcher - Research to Secure Nations Critical Infrastructure.• Polytechnic University of Puerto Rico• Data Mining – Analyze big sets of data in order to extract unknown patterns and use them for prediction using Bayesian networks.• Studied and programmed Bayesian Networks in order to predict events and disease.• Create Web Crawler using Perl in order to obtain pictures from FBI Most Wanted people websites.Accomplishments Perl Web Crawler.Skills UsedCritical Thinking, leadership, team work, logistics, mathematicsEDUCATIONBachelors degree in Computer EngineeringPolytechnic University of Puerto Rico – Accredited by ABET, https://www.pupr.edu/about/ - San Juan, PR 2005 to 2011SKILLS• Mathematical, statistical, analytical skills and computer literacy.• Deep and solid knowledge on SQL and/or PL/SQL Programming concepts on Oracle, MySQL and Microsoft SQL Server.• Expert in development of software applications using Microsoft Visual Studio 2010, 2012 and 2013 on the following software development modules: ASP.NET Web Forms (both on C# and Visual Basic), ASP.NET MVC (both using Razor or HTML), C++, Windows Forms and Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF).• Knowledge in the development of mobile applications for Android OS (both Native and Web Apps) using Java. • Knowledge in the development of mobile Web Applications for Apple iOS.• Solid skills for CCS3, HTML, HTML5 and Javascript.• Excellent skills for development of reports in Active Reports, Crystal Reports and Microsoft Reporting Services.• Basic to Solid skills on other programming platforms such as WCF, AngularJS, Web API, Entity Framework and ODP.• Ability to follow written instruction and work under minimum supervision• Excellent organizational skills and ability to perform multiple tasks at once• Basic skills in Ethical Hacking and tools such as Wireshark, Nmap, Backtrack.• Basic skills in Perl and Solid Skill in C, C++, VB6.• Solid skills in data entry, Microsoft Office, Outlook, Windows, Linux.• Fluent English and work under pressure.ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Professional Development/Trainings:• Computer Systems Life Cycle• Microsoft Visual Studio Trainings• Microsoft SQL Server Trainings• Oracle Trainings• ASP.NET Advanced Programming • Computer HW/SW Maintenance• Green Belt for Six Sigma Training