MacKevin FeyComputer Science Fellow - University of PortlandPortland, OR - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/MacKevin-Fey/251877cdb946177cI am currently a senior at the University of Portland with majors in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science,and a minor in Mathematics. With over one year of combined professional experience, I am a strong candidate thatcan immediately contribute to any organization. Fields of interest include microelectronics, VLSI, software, operating systems and firmware, embedded systems, and security.WORK EXPERIENCEComputer Science FellowUniversity of Portland - Portland, OR - September 2014 to PresentInteracting and engaging with students in a one-on-one or small group environment in order to improve quality of understanding of various course materials.• Topics covered include introductory programming, OOP and data structures using Java, XML and C.Computer Science Grader and TAUniversity of Portland - Portland, OR - August 2014 to PresentHelping students learn and overcome obstacles while maintaining a positive classroom environment. • Grading assignments and providing constructive feedback in a timely fashion.• Topics covered include introductory and intermediary programming in Java and C.R&D Engineering InternBIOTRONIK/MSEI - Lake Oswego, OR - May 2014 to August 2014Contributed in developing and implementing an automated verification tool to handle storing all test data and equipment information and generating reports on demand, previously done manually. This was accomplished using C# with XML and MongoDB.• Developed five class libraries to verify validity of design, import test plan and test session information.• Co-authored two documents involving requirements and implementation.Engineering InternTriQuint Semiconductor, Inc - Hillsboro, OR - July 2013 to September 2013Implemented additional features to existing supply chain collaboration portal using Microsoft SharePoint. • Created custom metrics dashboards used to track material expenditures and supplier audit reports.Technical Support InternTektronix, Inc - Beaverton, OR - May 2012 to October 2012Independently created high-quality and informative online tutorial videos for various instruments such as oscilloscopes, signal generators, probes and accessories. Video production process included writing dialogue, filming, audio recording and film editing using video and audio editing software.• Worked in the call center to answer phone calls and help customers with technical problems.￼EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Electrical EngineeringUniversity of PortlandADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkillsC/C++/C#, Java, MATLAB, Perl, ABEL, MIPS/PIC Assembly, Android Development, MongoDB, XML, LaTeX, UML,NUnit framework, BlueJ, Eclipse, Visual Studio, B2Spice, PSpice, L-EDIT, LabVIEW, Mathematica, SolidWorks,AutoCAD, MS Office, SharePoint, proficiency with Tektronix, Inc. equipment.