Marcus HunterComputer Tech - Computer Centers USA Tier- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Marcus-Hunter/1eec8bfe9dff2413Primary Skills: Strong customer service skills in a sales/services setting. Managed one/other individuals, provided customer(s) with friendly, courteous and efficient service ensuring their patronage. Professionally and patiently handled difficult situations, Ensures that all company standards and procedures were consistently maintained, provided verbal information regarding various services available for the company, maintained daily reports.WORK EXPERIENCEComputer TechComputer Centers USA Tier - April 2013 to PresentOversee the daily performance of computer systems.Answer user inquiries regarding computer software or hardware operation to resolve problems.s.Enter commands and observe system functioning to verify correct operations and detect error Maintain records of daily data communication transactions, problems and remedial actions taken, orinstallation activitiesRefer major hardware or software problems or defective products to vendors or technicians for service.Floor & Décor - April 2012 to August 2013Answer customers' questions about merchandise and advise customers on merchandise selection. Itemize and total customer merchandise selection at checkout counter, using cash register, and accept cash or charge card for purchases.Take inventory or examine merchandise to identify items to be reordered or replenished.Pack customer purchases in bags or cartons.Stock shelves, racks, cases, bins, and tables with new or transferred merchandise. Receive, open, unpack and issue sales floor merchandise.Clean display cases, shelves, and aisles.Graebel Moving Company HelperMover - May 2011 to April 2012Sort cargo before loading and unloading.Attach identifying tags to containers or mark them with identifying information.Read work orders or receive oral instructions to determine work assignments or material or equipment needs. Stack cargo in locations such as transit sheds or in holds of ships as directed, using pallets or cargoboards.Record numbers of units handled or moved, using daily production sheets or work tickets.Install protective devices, such as bracing, padding, or strapping, to prevent shifting or damage to items being transported.Outbound TelemarketerMover - May 2011 to March 2012￼Contact businesses or private individuals by telephone to solicit sales for goods or services, or to request donations for charitable causes.Explain products or services and prices, and answer questions from customers.Obtain customer information such as name, address, and payment method, and enter orders into computers. Record names, addresses, purchases, and reactions of prospects contacted.Adjust sales scripts to better target the needs and interests of specific individuals.EDUCATIONAssociates Of science in Computer Security and Network EngineeringFlorida Career College - Clearwater, FL June 2011 to September 2014High School Diploma in Certification of LeadershipClearwater High School - Clearwater, FLADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCOMPUTER SKILLS Learned computer protection (spyware, malware, identity theft, and viruses), computer troubleshooting, Installation of operating systems, managing routers spreadsheets, Outlook, networkServer concepts and data recovery.