Mario RodríguezOrlando, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mario-Rodriguez/e9b555d26973c278 Experience creating software tools for engineering design.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperCDI corporation - Orlando, FL - April 2011 to Present•Developed a design environment used for the design and analysis of Turbo Generators using Python and PyQt. This environment included interactive graphics and online documentation.•Enhanced reliability and modularity of the application by replacing server/client architecture.•Decreased data processing time from hours to minutes for engineers using tools in EXCEL, ACCESS, C and FORTRAN.•Performed quality testing to ensure compliance with Siemens' internal calculation QA guidelines for Steam Turbines and Generator division.•Binded FORTRAN and C functions to Python code using numpy's f2py.•Maintained Engineering tools using C, FORTRAN and tkl.•Used CVS and GIT for configuration control of internal software.Software Developer/Co-FounderPieAll, S.L - Orlando, FL - May 2010 to Present• Developed, analyzed and implemented the authentication, session management, databasemodeling, Facebook integration and email management modules for the pieall.com website.• Improved scalability, performance, and data storage capacity using Google AppEngine, bigTable and task queues.• Increased usability by using jQuery, JSON and XML templates for error handling, data validation and AJAX integration.• Participated in all software development phases including the collection of requirements,technical solutions, unit testing, performance testing, technical support, deployment and staging.• Translated website into Spanish for i18n compliance.• Contributed with a global team located in Madrid, Barcelona and Orlando.EngineerAlmancar, S.A. Panama City - July 2008 to April 2010Panama.• Built an Oracle SQL database for inventory control, minimizing the oversupply of tires in two branches and the main warehouse.• Communicated with all levels within the organization, including suppliers and clients.• Managed personnel responsible for inventory in two branches and warehouse.• Crafted purchase orders for new inventory.College Senior Graduating ProjectPurdue University - West Lafayette, IN - September 2006 to March 2007IN.• Worked with Imagination Station Museum in the design of an interactive display for kids, aimed to teach basic concepts of physics and optics using a laser maze.￼• Reviewed design decisions made for the DC motor and sound circuit in front of a panel of PurdueFaculty and Alumni.• Presented semester goals and project progress through memos and presentations given to faculty and community partners of the EPICS program.• Used oscilloscopes, multi-meters and function generators to troubleshoot circuits for the display,timer and DC motors for the project.• Summarized project progress on website by uploading presentation documents and time tables of each project.EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Electrical EngineeringPurdue University - West Lafayette, IN May 2007SKILLSPython, Java, C, PyQt, numpy, HTML, JavascriptLINKS http://flavors.me/marioalexeirodriguez#_ https://gist.github.com/marodrig￼￼