Matt SteeleWebsite Developer - World HelpLynchburg, VA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Matt-Steele/ef98c8078056cb05Seeking a web-related job, with a focus in javascript development on either the front-end or the midtier.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperHarmonia Holdings Group LLC - August 2013 to PresentResponsibilities- Worked with a number of small teams on contract work to develop web-based applications.- Specialized in modularized (AMD) javascript development (including jQuery jQuery-UI, and ExtJS).- Worked with advanced javascript techniques and technologies for building, configuring, and managing builds and development enviornments (node, grunt, backbone, and require).- Worked with jBoss and Tomcat to provide the front-end the ability to communicate with databases and server- level commands.- Organized development as a team lead and handled customer communications and deliverables.- Worked in an agile workflow, while practicing proper source control under Git and SVN systems.Accomplishments- Won phase 1 and phase 2 contracts from government and commercial contractsSkills Usedjavascript, jQuery, ExtJS, nodejs, backbonejs, html5, css3, LESS, svn, gitPresident and OwnerOmni Online LLC - Lynchburg, VA - July 2011 to PresentResponsibilities- Maintain company business practices.- Work as consultant with small businesses to improve web presence.- Design and develop websites using Wordpress, as well as advanced html, css, and JavaScript best-practices.Skills UsedHtml, css, JavaScript, wordpress, nodejs, git, mongodb, phpWebsite DeveloperWorld Help - Forest, VA - April 2011 to March 2015- Created systems to load and save data from outsourced datacenters dynamically - Created JavaScript powered scripts to enhance website usability- Developed a shopping cart system to integrate with current CMS- Converted web content from SiteFinity to Wordpress- Upgraded Wordpress themes to introduce new systems for better quality of content - Created responsive website applications (Web-Apps)- Developed systems to synchronize content from datacenters- Managed email newsletter campaigns to be optimized across all platforms- Managed 6 internal network servers (4 file servers, 1 SQL server, 1 Exchange server)￼- Managed two website server (Windows/Unix)- Trained 15+ individuals to use Wordpress CMS- Enhanced IT services in the workspace by developing a ticketing support solution- Created a career portal to allow for employee applicants to apply online, and managers to modify and update contact history- Designed templates for HubSpot, Wordpress, Campaign Monitor, Wufoo, and causevoxEDUCATIONWeb Technology & DesignLiberty University 2011SKILLSJavaScript, jQuery, ExtJS, nodejs, backbonejs, html5, css3, LESS,LINKS http://omnionline.us http://worldhelp.netADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkills• Highly experienced in JS development using a multitude of frameworks, such as AngularJS, Backbonejs, jQuery, ExtJS, and React.• Highly experienced in using HTML and CSS standards for website development and design.• Highly experienced in using Grunt for task management for websites such as compiling less, minifying js code, and created js documentation.• Extensive knowledge of web services, APIs, Blog platforms, Social media marketing and integration• Well versed with source code control and unit testing• Excellent troubleshooting, debugging and problem solving skills for technical issues• Passionate to create an excellent work environment through coordination and co-operation with the team members and other departments• Adaptable to learn new skills and technologies for enhanced productivity• Specializations in website applications (Web-Apps), website design, responsive design, usability, database normalization, and website security.TechnologiesHTML, JavaScript / jQuery, CSS (2 and 3), PHP (4 and 5), MySQL, SQLite, SQL, Unix / Linux / OS X, MS- DOS, Adobe Actionscript (2 and 3), Microsoft Windows (3.x, 95-98, ME, XP, 2000, Vista), Apache Web Server, Mac OS (classic and OS X), Java, C++, C#, Familiarity with many other web technologies (ASP, .NET & etc.).ApplicationsAdobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Flash, Adobe Acrobat, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Remote Desktop Connection, NetBeans, Eclipse, SoapUI, MySQL Workbench, iReport￼￼