Matt James Linux ProfessionalLongmont, CO - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Matt-James/5f9e0f96bc61ce44I've been in IT in varying roles for the last 15+ years. I started out as a Windows / Novell Netware systems administrator and have evolved across the Mac platform into a Linux systems administrator. I've touched many different areas of IT but excel at configuration management, systems integration, operational support, and troubleshooting. I pride myself in being able to see issues from a 30,000 ft view and then focus on what needs to be dealt with. I like to see an issue though to completion and am not satisfied with a "good enough" solution. I'm looking for opportunities to work with like-minded people who are on a mission to make a difference in our community, both locally and globally.WORK EXPERIENCEComputer ConsultantSelf employed - Longmont, CO - 1999 to PresentProvide IT support solutions to small and medium sized companies.Concentrations include network hardware, systems deployment and maintenance, remote access, VPN, wireless networking, and security.Install and maintain telephone, audio/video, home automation, and security systems.Linux Virtualization EngineerDigitalGlobe - Longmont, CO - December 2014 to February 2015(Contractor via TekSystems)Day to day operations support for secure and accredited US government systems.Automated systems management through use of Puppet, Subversion / Git, and RedHat Satellite User management utilizing Oracle LDAP, Centrify, and RedHat IDM / FreeIPA.Virtual machine and cluster management via vmware vCenter / vCops.Development of new RHEL 7 baseline server images and updated tool chain (Puppet 3, Infoblox) Supported continuous deployment systems using JenkinsTicketing handled via RT (RequestTracker) and CA Service Desk ManagerIT Manager & Systems EngineerDeTect, Inc - Longmont, CO - June 2008 to December 2014Build out of RedHat / CentOS Linux and Windows systems for use in weather radar operations. Build out of core network infrastructure for both internal use and at remote radar locations.Day to day network operations including core infrastructure monitoring using Nagios. Deployment of nation-wide customer data ingest network for real-time weather radar operations. Continuous performance monitoring and incident response for internal and remote networks. Security focused internal policy creation, maintenance and auditing.Mil-spec network and software documentation including issue tracking with source control integration. Evaluation and selection of new tools with follow through on training of end-users post-selection.Direct management of one full time staff member in IT support, indirect management of several staff in technical support roles.IT Manager & Software Project LeadABC Sign Products - Fort Collins, CO - 2006 to 2008￼Managed corporate network and specified requirements for new IT projects and objectives and IT policy. Managed the development, support, and sales of ABC's Accutrack sign estimating and business control software suite requiring high levels of testing, documentation, and communications with an outsourced programming firm.Network Support TechnicianColorado State University - Fort Collins, CO - 2002 to 2003 Department of Academic Computing and Networking ServicesTroubleshooting and repairs of campus network infrastructureWarranty repairs for Dell and Apple systems as part of CSU's certified repair center. Received over 50 hours of repair instruction for HP laser printers.Computer Technician & Data AnalystU.S. Dept of Commerce NOAA/ETL - Boulder, CO - 1999 to 2001 Contractor through Science and Technology CorporationDesigned and built computer systems for weather RADAR equipment.Assisted with assembly and testing of various electronic parts for weather radar.Wrote LabVIEW applications for data acquisition, system monitoring, and system control.EDUCATIONPomona High SchoolBachelors of Science in ManagementUniversity of PhoenixB.S. in physics and educationColorado State UniversityAssociate of ScienceRed Rocks Community CollegeSKILLSLinux (RHEL, CentOS, Debian, Ubuntu, Fedora) Windows (XP, 7, 8, 2003, 2008, 2012) Mac (OS 8, 9, 10) Active Directory / SCCM RedHat IDM / FreeIPA Apache, MySQL, Postgres, PHP Scripting in BASH, Pearl, Python, Java, VMware vCenter, Xen Server, Hyper-V Configuration Management LAN / WAN / VPN Polycom SIP VoIP administration Sonicwall, Cisco, Juniper routers and switches DNS, LDAP, TCP/IP, SNMP, SMTP, NTPADDITIONAL INFORMATION LPIC1 CertifiedCurrently hold Interim Secret Security Clearance