Matthew Sammarco Software DeveloperBaltimore, MD - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Matthew-Sammarco/00dad1cf52796676To build upon my software engineering skill set while effectively applying my problem solving skills, and current web development repertoire in an environment that will foster professional growth.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperCATALYST IT LTD PTY - December 2013 to December 2014Software development for various e-learning clients within Australia. Customization of Moodle components using Php. Performancetesting using various python tools. Contribution of code to Moodle core open source project and contribution to Fez Fedora libraryrepository system for university clients such as Charles Darwin University and RMIT. Remote work was also undertaken.Web SpecialistIKEA AUSTRALIA LTD PTY - November 2011 to December 2013Assisted with Ikea's CMS development and ecommerce strategy. Drove scoping of new features for CRM/ Web/database platforms.Assisted with marketing web analysis, BATs, and acted as a liason with digital agencies to integrate systems and workflows. Primarily,python scripting and both client and server side javascript were utlized.Freelance DeveloperBaltimore, MD - July 2011 to November 2011Developed in conjunction with an anesthesiologist from Johns Hopkins University the web software abaprep for preparatory testing of standardized test formats. Utilized Java as the core technology with MySQL, Apache Wicket and several other FOSS technologies.Java Web DeveloperAon Hewitt - Baltimore, MD - July 2010 to July 2011Front end, and server side development of the newly revamped configurable Core Benefits Administration software servicing NorthAmerica's clientele. Specific focus on developing our secure endpoint authentication software (authentication and authorisation to variousapps), while also performing maintenance on several of our older legacy applications. Primary technologies used include but were notlimited to, Struts, Wicket, MsSQL, mybatis, JackRabbit JCR, JQuery/javascript, Eclipse, WebLogic, StarTeam, Hudson, Ant and Maven.College Technical InternLockheed Martin - Greenbelt, MD - June 2008 to August 2008Primary duties included java code fixes, code development and documentation fixes along with inspecting and testing of code in an agile￼(scrum) development environment. Part of the data ingest team in development of a high performance asset catalog and metadata collator.Unit testing and quality control was stringent (IV&V, unit testing, static analysis, code reviews). Side projects included performance testemail generator, and automation of unit tests on various test servers (CI). These duties were performed for the Electronic Records Archiveproject for the United States National Archives, specifically the United States executive office of the president.Looking for more information? Find me on Linkedin. References on request.EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Computer ScienceTOWSON UNIVERSITY 2010Computer ScienceAustralia's University of Wollongong 2010SKILLSSoftware Development, Software Engineering, Digital Marketing, E-learning system development, Java, Web DevelopmentLINKS https://au.linkedin.com/pub/matthew-sammarco/21/ab1/b83ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLS• SDLC - requirements analysis, design, code review, testing (unit, behavioral), implementation, OOD/OOP anddesign patterns, and various methodologies (scrum, waterfall) across geographically dispersed teams (JIRA, trello)along with source control via Git and its various toolsets. Development utilising vms and cloud based hosting • Web Development Experience - (X)HTML, CSS, AJAX, REST, JavaScript (and various APIs/libraries - backbone.js, require.js, jquery, prototype, handlebars ) + Server side components Apache, Tomcat, Java EE, Python, node.js, C# WPF - Mobile web development including app based (Android and iOS exposure) and web based adaptive designed pages (twitter bootstrap)• Language proficiency - Java, C#, Python (django, cherrypy), PHP, Javascript, C++• System experience - Unix/Linux, and Windows based command line systems (scripting) with proficiency with several IDE's - devops exposure (vagrant + chef) and shell scripting• Database - Relational Database design (ERD/EERD diagrams & schemas) and SQL programming (MySQL/MariaDB, Portsgres, Oracle, MSSql, and SQL lite variants). Exposure to NoSQL key-value stores• Java specific technologies - Ant, Maven, EJB, Struts, jsp, Continuum, Junit, WebLogic, mybatis, Eclipse IDE, JDBC, Wicket, Jackrabbit (JCR), log4j, Hibernate, Spring• Language exposure - including, but not limited to functional languages (lisp), logical languages (prolog) and￼legacy languages like Cobol• IDE's and tools - Microsoft Visual Studio, Eclipse, Sublime Text, vim, git, svn, starteam, basecamp, JIRA, trello,fiddler, wireshark, github, bitbucket, gerrit, vagrant, chef, bees with machine guns, Apache jmeter• Code analysis - static and dynamic code analysis - Jprobe, memory testing, code coverage, performance, PMD-java, Visio, CASE, code review• Continuous testing (CI) - Full unit tsesting and documentation - Junit, javadoc, user test procedures, high level business cases. Agile testing through behavioral frameworks like PHP's behat. Use of goCD and Jenkins for testautomation.• Cloud technologies - AWS, Google app engine, VPS and Heroku. Exposure to docker.• Simulation/stat package - Core understanding of probability theory, and discrete and continuous statistics (exposure to R and simscript). Use of matplotlib and numpy with python.• Computer science/mathematics - Instructed in computer science theory, cryptography, graph theory, algorithmanalysis, statistical analysis, high level continuous and discrete mathematics, and through game development AIand graphics• Analytics/ Marketing - conversion flow, and insight through Adobe Sitecatalyst and Google Analytics, reportingand goal/kpi analysis in various contexts• Soft Skills - public speaking, virtual team work, flexible and strong work ethic. Highly adaptable and committed to deadlines