Matthew CummingsNetwork Administrator - Local Search AssociationSterling Heights, MI - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Matthew-Cummings/cb7b7f346994799fTo obtain a position that will enable me to apply my love for technology, work experience, Educational background, and communication skills.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorLocal Search Association - December 1999 to PresentResponsibilities include administering, maintaining, and upgrading Local Search Association's computer Windows Domain and telephone networks IP. Assist with purchase decisions for new equipment including servers, laptops, desktops, phone systems, multi-function printers, and other IT related hardware and software. After acquisition responsibilities included implementation. This would include asset tagging, configuration and rollout. User technical support for 3 locations. User support for external customers running our software or accessing some of our websites. Maintaining licensing of all company software. Implement new software and upgrade existing software for all 3 locations.Tech Support SpecialistClark HIll PLC - November 1998 to December 1999This position assisted staff with technical support of desktop and computers, applications, and related technology. Support included specification, installation, and testing of computer systems and peripherals within established standards and guidelines. Activities require interaction with application software and operating systems to diagnose and resolve unique, non-recurring problems. The position utilized one-on-one interaction with end users. The position's responsibilities require independent analyses, communication and problem solving. Work is performed with little supervision and requires initiative and judgment.FireFighterLakeside Mall - 1993 to 1998Part paid firefighter out of station # 2Hosted Microsoft Exchange and conversion to hosted Exchange -Active Directory Domain Administration.-Proficient in the use of Microsoft Office and related software. -Hosted and on premise Antivirus solutions. Symantec, Panda, etc -Software Licensing.-Remote user support.-Windows 7 migration, Windows XP migration, Windows 8 migrations.-Windows Server 2003 and 2008 and 2012 install and management.-Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8 Management and implementation -Symantec System Recovery, Symantec Backup Exec.-Disaster planning and testing-Network Firewalls, Network Switches,-VPN Administration-IP phone system management, implementation, and training.-Tablet, Smartphone support.￼-Adobe Creative Cloud administration.-Cloud backup solutions, including Jungle Disk, Zetta.net, Box.com -Working with vendors for all aspects of information technology. -VM Virtual box, Hyper V- Box cloud storage administrationSecurity SergeantLakeside Mall - November 1989 to 1998Supervise Security Officers my duties included, but were not limited to, performance appraisals, disciplinary actions, promotions, transfers, and vacation schedules. Assist in the interview process for new Security Officers. Submit written incident reports. Computer support for in house computer system.EDUCATIONCertificateMacomb Community College 2012Associate of Science in Computer Information Systems Networking SpecialistMacomb Community College 2007