Matthew Clements Networking Internship - TelnesEverett, WA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Matthew-Clements/4e793288d155ba78 Friendly IT professional.WORK EXPERIENCENetworking InternshipTelnes - 2015 to Present2015 (Current)Hands on experience with a variety of Cisco, Fortinet and Samsung networking equipment. Have set up configs for routers to be shipped to customers, helped update firmware and reset to defaults many devices, helped install rack of switches and routers for lab work.Advanced Services SupportComcast - Everett, WA - 2009 to 2013• Troubleshooting and assisting customers on Internet, Video and Digital Voice services.• Metric-driven position, used to working under time-pressure while providing friendly, professional and accurate service.Service Delivery SupervisorTeletech - 2006 to 2008Led teams ranging from 10 to 20 representatives.• Responsible for coaching, developing, and motivating my team.• Developed excellent multitasking and time management skills.• Developed Visual Basic Macros that worked with Excel to automate monthly scorecard generation, automated fraud detection, and found outliers in agent statistics to help focus supervisor coaching.• Additional duties included assisting with interviewing/hiring process, handling escalated customer requests, and time card approval.Service Delivery SpecialistTeletech - 2003 to 2006Handled troubleshooting on key corporate accounts for Nextel phones.• Consistently rated "exceeds expectations." Handled escalated issues and assisted in training.Web DeveloperTeknology Laine - 1999 to 2000Developed object-oriented PHP scripts for an Apache server with an SQL database.• Projects included developing PHP scripts to automatically convert arbitrary external web pages to a particular style/format. This allowed advertisements in article format could be applied to multiple websites simultaneously and seamlessly.EDUCATIONInformation TechnologyEverett Community College￼2014BA in Computer Science and BusinessEvergreen State College 2003SKILLSCCNA, TCL, HTML, SQL, PHP, Javascript, Cisco Routers and Switches, Windows Desktop, Microsoft Office Word, Excel, Customer Service, Troubleshooting, A+ Computer Repair, Supervisory skills.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONI love to learn, especially technical details or programming languages. Currently I am studying towards getting my CCNP Routing & Switching certification. I have a strong background in Discrete Mathematics and use that to understand underlying concepts and algorithms in networking.