Maurice Brown Network AdministratorBeach Park, IL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Maurice-Brown/4baea5bbecd72cf1Network Administrator, IT Director, Security PersonnelNetwork Administrator with 15 years experience looking to join a learning organization as a IT Analyst to consult, develop operating systems, security infrastructure and implement secure processes.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorCity of North Chicago - May 1998 to January 2015Maintain network performance by performing network monitoring and analysis and performance tuning; troubleshooting network problems; escalating problems to vendors.• Secure network by developing network access, monitoring, control, and evaluation; maintaining documentation.• Prepare users by designing and conducting training programs; providing references and support.• Upgrade network by conferring with vendors; developing, testing, evaluating, and installing enhancements. • Manage the city's $500,000 budget dedicated to maintaining network for 150 employees and 911 dispatch. • Establish network specifications by conferring with users; analyzing workflow, access, information, and security requirements; designing router administration, including interface configuration and routing protocols. • Maintain and updating firewall configuration• Maintenance and migration of MS Exchange 2007 & 2013• Maintenance of enterprise Anti-Virus and Anti Malware solution• Administration of VoIP and Unified Communication Server• Maintenance of VMWare Vsphere platform 5.5Additional Skills• Establishing the local and wide area network for five sites.• Overall maintenance of network, users, hardware, security and software on the Microsoft Windows 7/2003/2008/XP Server and VMWARE ESXi 5.1/5.5 operating systems.• Configuration of Cisco Routers, Implementation/Migration/Administration of the Microsoft Exchange 2007/2013 Mail Server, Implementation of the Network Security Device SonicWALL NSA 3500, Implementing and troubleshooting the iSeries AS400 Server utilized for financial processes in local Government.• IP\Telephony experience includes the NEC IPS 8300 Private Branch Exchange hardware/software maintenance.• Police department records management systems.• Onboard computer system that utilizes LTE, EVDO and 1XRTT technologies• Video Surveillance utilizing Canopy\Cisco Network Infrastructure devices and Sony IPELA cameras.EDUCATIONMS in Networking and TelecommunicationsKeller Graduate School - Chicago, IL May 2014BA in Computer Information Systems￼Trinity International University - Deerfield, IL May 1995