Maxine ZhaoComputer science student at CMU looking for summer internshipPittsburgh, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Maxine-Zhao/10a0fc81dde8f7f1WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperCarnegie Mellon University - Pittsburgh, PA - October 2014 to PresentThis is a project focus on transforming scanned medical records image to electronic data for management and data mining. I work as a software developer. My achievements includes:• Developed word segmentation module by implementing layout detection algorithms• Extracted text data from medical form pictures using Google Tesseract OCR APIs• Created field matcher to label extracted text dataSoftware DeveloperCarnegie Mellon University - Pittsburgh, PA - October 2014 to November 2014Answering bio-related yes/no questions automatically• Indexed for PubMed text corpus using Lucene API• Utilized Stanford NLP API to re-rank retrieved answer candidates and generate an final answer • Designed a web search engine by integrating the text indexMobile App DeveloperBeijing Qinghe Wotu Science and Technology - 北京市 - July 2013 to December 2013• Built Java handlers to retrieve and pre-process information in JSON from Tencent Microblog.• Contributed to user experience design.Software DeveloperBeijing University of Posts and Telecommunications - 北京市 - March 2013 to June 2013Collaborated to build a patent mining system, retrieving and mining patent documents to discover technology topics and trend.• Built web service to enable distant user to access and process large volume of patent documents on HDFS • Implemented enhanced tf-idf algorithm for document feature extraction• Applied Kmeans clustering on MapReduce for discovering topic groupsSoftware DeveloperBeijing University of Posts and Telecommunications - March 2012 to June 2012• Conducted requirement analysis, database and class diagram design• Developed course enrollment module with Spring-Struts-Hibernate Web Development FrameworkEDUCATIONMS in Computer ScienceCarnegie Mellon University - Pittsburgh, PA 2014 to 2016BS in Software EngineeringBeijing University of Posts and Telecommunications - 北京市￼2009 to 2013SKILLSProgramming: JAVA, Python, C, C++, SQL, HTML, Linux Shell Scripting, etc. Others: Statistical classification modeling(Bayesian Statistics, MLE, etc.), information system pipeline design, database design, big data analytics with Hadoop components, Hibernate, Struts2, agile developmentAWARDSThird Prize for “Lanqiao Cup” National Software Design and Entrepreneurship CompetitionMay 2012Come up with new business model, and implement a prototype.First-class ScholarshipJune 2013I was awarded first-class scholarship for distinguished academic performance in Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications.PUBLICATIONSInvestment Risk Analysis on the Widespread Use of Electric Vehicleshttp://www.scientific.net/AMR.271-273.895July 7, 2011Because of the gradually increasing gap between supply and demand of oil and more attention paid to the environment, the pace of Electric Vehicle investment is gradually increasing, and the problem of investment risk comes into focus. This paper studies the Investment Risk of widespread manufactory of Electric Vehicles, which is in Problem C of ICM (The Interdisciplinary Contest in Modeling) in 2011. In order to give a rough estimate, we establish an investment risk model, using Analytic Hierarchy Process and Fuzzy Evaluation to evaluate the investment risk. Finally, we will provide reasonable opinions to vehicle manufacturers.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCourse: Algorithm and Advanced Data Structures, Introduction to Machine Learning, Machine Learning for Signal Processing, Big Data System in Practice, Design and Engineering of Intelligent Information Systems, Language and Statistics, Object-Oriented Analysis and Design, Data Mining, Database Systems, Operating Systems,etc.￼