Mehrdad MotamedAssociate Instructor in Computer Science Department - Indiana UniversityBloomington, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mehrdad-Motamed/78725945956e7833 Talented systems analyst with a master's degree in Information Systems and a 4.0 GPA.WORK EXPERIENCEAssociate Instructor in Computer Science DepartmentIndiana University - Bloomington, IN - August 2014 to PresentGrade assignments, create assignments, analyze 450 students learning data (reports, observedlearning data, etc.), coordinate projects (i.e. service learning), manage/supervise staff and update the website.Graduate Assistant in Information and Library Science DepartmentIndiana University - Bloomington, IN - August 2014 to PresentBloomington, IN Aug 2014 - To PresentGraduate Assistant in Information and Library Science Department• Assist the department with ongoing projects such as search engine optimization and producing podcasts to advertise the department.InstructorUpward Bound - Morehead, KY - June 2014 to July 2014 Taught mathematics, Persian language, and soccer to 20 students.Graduate Assistant and Teaching Assistant at College of Business & Public AffairsMorehead State University - Morehead, KY - August 2012 to May 2014Morehead, KY Aug 2012 - May 2014Graduate Assistant and Teaching Assistant at College of Business & Public Affairs• Taught students how to use Microsoft Excel, proctored undergraduate tests, graded papers, advised students in business department.• Worked with Blackboard System Management & Technology Assistance.• Volunteered as IT facilitator and test proctor for Future Business Leaders of America (FBLA).IT EngineerShoghe Didar Travel Agency - October 2011 to May 2012Installed and tested the agency's computers; configured operating systems; provided technical support to staff for PC desktop hardware and software packages; troubleshot hardware, software, and networking problems.Project Management AssistantAstan Ghods Razavi - July 2011 to October 2011Project assistance to an enterprise resource planning (ERP) project dealing with the institution'sfinancial software.• Examined and verified the accuracy of various types of reports, documents, lists, calculations and postings in implementation phase which involved installation of the ERP software.Tutor￼Islamic Azad University of Neyshabur - January 2010 to May 2010Tutored mathematics (college algebra, statistics, geometry, calculus), physics (high school physics), and English to 30 students.EDUCATIONM.Sc. in Analysis and DesignIndiana University - Bloomington, IN August 2014 to PresentM.Sc. in IT & Clinical TransformationMorehead State University - Morehead, KY August 2012 to May 2014B.Sc. in DesignIslamic Azad University September 2007 to August 2011ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SKILLSDatabases: Structured Query Language (SQL), Microsoft AccessPlatforms: Microsoft Windows, Mac-OS, iOS, DOSMiscellaneous: Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Microsoft PowerPoint, Adobe Photoshop, UML Web Development: HTML, XHMTL, CSS, DreamweaverInstructional Tools: Blackboard, Oncourse, MoodleProgramming Languages: Java