Michael TidwellSoftware Developer - General Motors Innovation CenterWoodstock, GA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Tidwell/476a48c8bdcee367WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperGeneral Motors Innovation Center - Roswell, GA - February 2014 to PresentLeading team based development projects, to design and build effective business solutions for large scale data movement in the enterprise. Responsibilities include supporting BusinessAnalyst, conducting data architect tasks, lead optimization and good practice efforts, rootcause analysis, inspecting and validating code, assigning tasks to team members. Primarydevelopment is done with PL/SQL, Linux server scripts and IBM's ETL tool DataStage. Currently lead ETL developer on three critical projects.IT Security AnalystNCR - Duluth, GA - December 2013 to February 2014Participated in reviews which involved procurement of security software, architecturesolution proposals and migration of technology infrastructure of NCR's acquisitions,investigated and resolved security breaches, focused on vulnerability and asset management through Mcafee Vulnerability Manager.Quality Engineer InternNCR - Duluth, GA - September 2012 to January 2014Tested Point-Of-Sale and ATM software/hardware solutions, installed Client Server Systems,provided test coverage for new and existing hardware/software, conducted systemintegration testing, developed code in Perl and C# which automated tedious tasks,troubleshot networks, reported defects found during testing, confirmed solutions,communicated daily with technical leads, developers and project managers, provided and maintained virtual environments, backed up and restored terminals, replaced defectivehardware components, conducted Linux training sessions with overseas and domesticcolleagues. Led multiple customer projects and eventually became the lead quality engineer on my team.Development InternNextGen Healthcare - Buckhead, GA - May 2012 to September 2012Performed development customer support calls which related to the Practice Managementproduct, gained access to customer's production databases and fixed data integrity errors through Microsoft SQL Server, learned and gained experience in all phases of the applicationdevelopment lifecycle, performed various programming tasks, and collaborated with seniorlevel developers.EDUCATIONB.S. in Information TechnologyGeorgia Gwinnett College - Lawrenceville, GA December 2013￼M.S. in Computer ScienceGeorgia Institute of Technology - Atlanta, GASKILLSTECHNICAL SKILLS • Languages: C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, HTML5, PHP, SQL, PL/SQL, T-SQL, Python, Linux shell scripts, Junit.ADDITIONAL INFORMATION• Software & OS: Window Server 2012 R2, Mac OS X, Debian & Red Hat flavors of Linux, Android, Eclipse, Visual Studio, DataStage, SQL Developer, MS SQL Server, Git and SVN• Concepts: OO Programing, ETL development, Software Architectures, Network Layers, Tunneling, Port Forwarding, Routers and Switches, Virtual Hosting and VM's, Using Clone Drives, Client/Server Development, Debugging Code, Database efficiency, Hacking, testing with Junit, Backing/Restoring OS's, Circuits, Installing and Building Hardware and USB Bootable Tools.MICHAEL TIDWELL