Michael Ulanoff Networking Specialist - Computer RepairHouston, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Ulanoff/e1482d8280576d4eSeeking an entry level position with a company that will allow me to utilize the skills I have acquired in network administration and desktop support as well as continue to build upon my skills and continue to move forward in my career path.WORK EXPERIENCENetworking SpecialistComputer Repair - January 2011 to PresentSelf-employed Houston, TXFreelance computer repairs and upgrades, virus removal, physical repairs, SOHO networking, network cable management, preventive maintenance.-Dualco INC is one of my current customers whom I frequently assist with networking and desktop/laptop support. I also help with cost effective solutions that have saved the company several thousands of dollars during system upgrade procedures, network failures/repairs, and desktop/laptop servicing. I also help with virus removal and preventative maintenance.- Douglas-Westwood, the Houston branch is another company I have assisted. I set up their office network including their cabling, IP telephones, network printers, and firewall.Student Employee - Lab AssistantComputer Repair - August 2013 to May 2014San Jacinto College Pasadena, TexasRepaired laptops, desktops and other electronics for faculty and college studentsPerformed virus removal, preventive maintenance, hardware replacement, software upgradesEDUCATIONCertificate in TechnologySan Jacinto College - Pasadena, TX August 2014ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnical SkillsOperating Systems: Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8, Cisco IOSRouters/Switches: Full understanding of Cisco router and switch CLI and commands, technology, operation, and deployment.Networks and Protocols: Full understanding of LAN/WAN protocol operation and implementation. Software/Hardware: Full understanding of desktop and laptop hardware, malicious software removal tools, and printers.Skills / StrengthsAbility to work independently or as member of a team￼Excellent customer service skillsEager to learn and be successful in rolePositive attitude, excellent problem solving skillsHighly organized able to multi-task and accomplish multiple objectives Professional demeanor and attentive to detail.Able to assess complex situations and formulate solutionsStrong communication, interaction and relationship-building skills