Michel MoraMiami, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michel-Mora/0d8890ad9106e338WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperMiami, FL - 2010 to Present US• Part of the team designing and implementing the first version of Peruan Radio Site http://www.moda.com.pe and http://www.ritmoromantica.com/ for Beeznest Company.• Part of the team Designing and implementing the Management System for Xtreme Tekno llc Company.• Part of the team Designing and implementing of the Management System for PCGREY Company.Web Developer | Software Analyst and DeveloperTecnomatica - Havana - 2007 to 2010 Ministry of Basic Industry La Habana, Cuba• Responsible for the design, development, implementation of SISCONT 5(ERP) Accounting Management and Storage control system in PHP 5+MYSQL+CSS3+HTML5.• Analysis of customer requirements and translation to software engineering models.• Analysis and Design of Relational Database using SQLServer as database engine.• Took place and obtained awards in scientific forums with an online system (EXAMINAWEB) for tests developing made using Genexus 9 Services with PHP integration.Professor and Researcher ecommerceUniversity of Informatics Sciences - Havana - 2005 to 2007 http://www.uci.cu La Habana, Cuba• Teach students in 3rd and 4th year of Web development in PHP+ MySQL+ HTML5 + CSS3 layout + Jquery. • Analysis of customer requirements and translation to software engineering models.Web DeveloperResearch Group on Electronic Commerce - Havana - 2003 to 2005Havana Technological University (CUJAE) | http://cujae.edu.cu La Habana, Cuba• Development of a system in order to manage the postgraduate data of the University.• Relational Database design, normalization and programming from educational systems.• Responsible for the design, development, implementation and testing of Web systems developed in Study of Engineering Systems Center (CEIS).EDUCATIONbachelor's in Computer ScienceHavana Technological University - Havana September 2000 to July 2005￼ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONInformation Technology Professional with more than 10 years of experience as Software Developer and extensive experience designing and developing web applications in both frontend and backend environment. Strong background in Object Oriented Design and programming patterns. Expert in Multi-layer systems, Model View Controller (MVC) and Web Services Integration and implementation. Great ability for achieving project goals within project constraints such as scope, timing and budget. Able to work individually, as part of a co-located team or as part of a distributed global team. Facilities for acquiring knowledge quickly. Active collaborator with team members with ethic and professionalism. Native speaker of Spanish. Fluent in reading and writing in English. Proficient speaker of English.SPECIALTIESExpert in:• Web Technologies: PHP 5, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML 5, XML, CSS3, Bootstrap, and Web Services. • Databases: My SQL, Postgre SQL, Microsoft SQL Server.• Web Servers: Apache, Internet Information Services (IIS).Proficient in:• PHP CMS and Frameworks: Drupal, CodeIgniter. • Android (Java + Android SDK).• RUP-UML.OTHER SKILLSContent Management System (CMS), Versions Control, Git, Database Design and Administration, Borland Delphi, Pascal, Adobe Flash, Prolog, Relational Database design, Research, Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Software Engineering, XML, XSLT, SOAP, XML-RPC, Model View Controller (MVC), Object Oriented Pattern (OOP).