Miguel TavaresSoftware Developer - European Central BankLansing, IL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Miguel-Tavares/52a370a613620115I'm an experienced systems engineer with several years of enterprise experience in systems and software engineering particularly in the financial and telecoms industry with particular interest in Linux and Unix and Windows Enterprise Servers.During this period I have also gained valuable experience in leading and mentoring development teams and a certain number of certifications. I have both technical and interpersonal skills and am looking for a challenging role that utilizes my previous skills and experiences.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperEuropean Central Bank - July 2013 to PresentJul 2013 - OngoingWorking in the DG-IS-EDA division, working on ongoing projects and achieving application integration tasks to enable new and rectified functionality based on Business Requirements (business analysis).Role: DeveloperUnder the supervision of the Project Manager or another expert, developing, integrating, testing and documenting application software components to meet the agreed business specifications.Partially Business Analysis as part of the development SDLC within the ECB towards ECWs.• Participating in IT projects throughout the complete lifecycle for the development of IT application services and the ECB change Management lifecycle.• Performance Optimization of applications (MOPDB Replication and EXDI hibernate (DML operations) based on Oracle Parallelization PX and Optimizer Execution Plans).Database Relationship and Constraints Model Extraction with Eclipse JPA for java reverse-engineering of the relationship model logic and implementing several functions based on its initial MVC.• Design and drafts technical specifications of applications systems in line with the functional and non-functional requirements.• Performing technical testing and preparing the relevant technical documentation.• Supporting end- users during acceptance tests and operational teams during migration to the production environment.• Investigating, diagnosing and resolving bugs and incidents in the post-go live support of operations.• Developing appropriate scripts and procedures for the build and packing of application components.• Reviewing and implementing security policies to the databases, ensuring data consistency and integrity.• Developing a working knowledge of business processes implemented in the applications based on AGILE Scrum Methodology.• Daily tasks included patching several services or applications, mainly API's using REST and Spring WebServices using JSON and EXDI as the means of data transfer between systems using Hibernate as the backend component to ETL Data in Oracle. After rectifications and testing using jUnit (TDD method) and the given Test Cases been corrected, we would use Maven to create a build and using Team and Nexus, SonarQube we would validate and Analyze the code quality and submit the patch to Subversion Edge as the main code revision system. The code was mainly processed or branded towards the roll in 3 environments, Development Env, Pre-Production and after a positive roll on these two and tested from the business side then rolled in the last phase in Production Environment. For this, re rely on a daily basis on Bash, Expect,￼Maven, Liquibase(DB Refactoring and Branding within Maven), Hibernate, Javascript, SVN and Unix(Solaris) / Linux(Red Hat) as the means to achieve our daily goal.Technologies:Linux RedHat, CentOS, Solaris, Java5 6 and 7, Tomcat 6 and 7, Apache 2.2x, Weblogic, Maven, Eclipse, Nexus, Jira, SVN GIT and Mercurial, SpringMVC, SpringWS, iBatis and MyBatis, Hibernate, JMS, Oracle, MySQL, Apache Common Math (MathLib JAMA), Log4J and SL4J, Gradle, Ant, AQAPI, EHcache and OSCache, JSTL, JTA, Quartz Scheduler, REST, XML XSD and WSDL, SoapUI, Json, SQLDeveloper and Toad, X-Mind, Bash, TCSH, Cygwin, Python, Jasper Reports and Crystal Reports.Software DeveloperITGate Development, Inc - Portland, OR - November 2011 to March 2013ITGate Development, Inc is an IT Development based company located in Portland, OR USA, Portugal and China.Role: Software DeveloperSoftware Developer and tech lead for 7 other developers (follow the sun methodology) and system engineers throughout 27 parallel ongoing projects and assisting SLA for 99.9% for 24/7/365.● Software Strategy● Bug Fixing, Packaging Build and Revisioning● Systems IT Service Design● MVC programming Basis● Central Repository Systems Build● Nasa / Rackspace OpenStack Modules Development / Python, Stackless● Python OpenStack Module for Layer 2-4 OSI M. vNic, vSwitching Virtualization based on OVS from Nicira and SDN● Django MVC framework Customization, Deployment and Development● Ruby and Rails using String Zombification Gem Module Development● Data Quantification for KPI Statistics Math Calc Development for Spatial Aggregations and Data Interpolation using HPC'sTechnologies:Amazon AWS, S3, Linux RedHat, CentOS, Ubuntu, Jira, NGnix, Confluence, Bonfire, FishEye, Svn, Git, Itil, Scrum, MVC, Zookeeper, Kanban, Agile, X-Mind, Hadoop, Java, Cassandra, CloudFlare, Code Igniter, Php, Perl, Pyro CMS, Yii, MySQL, NoSQL, MS Project, Lampp, Apache, JMod Security, Monitoring OpenSource Tools Development, Capacity Planning, KPI's, B.I., DR clusters, Puppet, Ruby, Rails, Python, Django, LoadBalancer, Documentation Management.Research and Development EngineerAlcatel-Lucent - October 2010 to November 2011Oct 2010 - Nov-2011Alcatel-Lucent is a global communications industry leader with the innovation, expertise and vision for a connected world that moves at the speed of ideas.Role: Research and Development EngineerR&D Support Engineer.● Service Support● Service Operation● Incident Management● Request Fulfillment● ITIL v3 User● IP Telecom / Application RCA and L4 Support● KPI's Calc (Interpolation, Spatial Aggregation) ManagementTechnologies:Java, jconsole, Jdeveloper, Eclipse, Netbeans 6 and 7, Jboss, Apache, Solaris, Perl, C++, VB Ultimate, SMF, RCA (Ishikawa, Fault Tree Diag ), X25, Wireshark, Cmip, OSI, RFC1006, ROSE, TCP-IP, ACSE, X-Mind, Remedy, Korn, Bash, Perl, Solaris Jumpstart, Citrix, Containers, BTS's, BSC's, MFS's, OMC-R, NPO and debugging tools like trussd, jmap, tcpdump, snoop etcDeveloperCanonical - Dublin - July 2010 to December 2010Dublin, Ireland) Jul 2010 - Dec 2010Canonical provides engineering, online and professional services to Ubuntu partners and customers worldwide as its the company behind the Linux Ubuntu project.Role: Developer● System analysis and conception● Reporting analysis and design● Application Support● Release and Deployment ManagementOpenSource Enterprise RPM Development for Ubuntu / OpenStack (Developer for Ubuntu Meerkat 10.10 - Ubuntu Enterprise Cloud package)Technologies:GIT, GTKdev, Eclipse, RPMmaker, C++, Linux, Python, Web services, UML, X-Mind, PuppetSystems ConsultantDIT - Dublin - December 2009 to January 2010Dublin Institute of Technology (Dublin, Ireland) Dec 2009 - Jan 2010Dublin Institute of Technology is one of Ireland's largest third-level institutions, with undergraduate & postgraduate degree programmersRole: Systems Consultant● Transition Planning and Support● Compatibility Matrix Build● Critical Fix's on Several Problematic Systems IssuesRCA and fix on several servers in DIT including OpenVMS and migrating the university portal with its data to Google app'sTechnologies:Google Apps, Solaris SungardHE Luminis, Juniper Extreme Network , SungardHE Luminis, Sun Messaging/ email, Sun Elearning, Sun WebCT and OpenVMSSystems EngineerIT consulting - Dublin - July 2008 to August 2009and outsourced managed services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, providing IT consulting, software developmentRole: Systems EngineerCorp Unix/Linux Critical Systems Engineer, In-house Monitoring project supporting, KBC/IIB migration project and all V1 customers with a critical Linux/Unix support basis approach.● Mission Linux/Unix Senior Consultant ● Incident Management● Application Management● Managed Services● ITIL v3 UserTechnologies:RedHat v3, v4, v5, Solaris 5.9, 5.10, Debian, Aix Power 5, 6, Blades, TSM Tivoli Storage Manager, CentOS, Php, MySQL v4, v5, Apache, Sedmail, Ldap, Squid, Cisco Catalyst's, ASA and PIX administration, CiscoWorks, Nagios, OpsView, Python, Checkpoint FW.Systems EngineerPaddy Power - Dublin - September 2007 to June 2008Dublin, Ireland) Sep 2007 - Jun 2008Paddy Power is Ireland's largest bookmaker. Offline it conducts business through a chain of licensed betting offices and by operating Ireland's largest telephone/online booking system.Role: Systems EngineerSr. Unix/Linux Engineer, 24/7 on-call, Datacenters optimization, Capacity planning, monitoring, allowing the production and development environment to be 24/7/365 live and ongoing.● Senior Systems Administrator● Systems Analysis● Reporting Analysis B.I. (Business Intelligence)● 24/7/365 Systems / Applications Support● Backup Administration (IBM Tape Library P-series) with NetbackupTechnologies:Solaris 5.9, 5.10, IBM Aix Power 5, 6, Netbackup, BigBrother Monitoring, Cisco Catalyst, ASA and PIX, Checkpoint Firewall, MySQL, Apache, Jboss, Java.Systems EngineerAccenture - Barcelona, Barcelona - August 2006 to September 2007Barcelona, Spain) Aug 2006 - Sep 2007Accenture is a global management consulting, technology services and outsourcing company helping clients become high-performance businesses.Role: Systems EngineerSystems support and Migration the bank's LACAIXA HP-UX (ATM monitoring servers for all Spain) PA-RISC to ITANIUM with 0% downtime.● Compatibility Matrix Analysis● Migration Project Planning (Systems/Application)● Systems SupportTechnologies:Oracle 9i, 10G, 10GR2, Enterprise Manager, HP-UX Superdomes, HP OpenView, HP-UX SAM, X25, Bash, Korn, X-Mind, RCA's, HP-UX ServiceGuard Cluster, Symantec Veritas Volume Manager, LAMPP, IBM TSM Tivoli Storage Manager.Systems EngineerAsus Iberica - Barcelona, Barcelona - October 2005 to August 2006Barcelona, Spain) Oct 2005 - Aug 2006ASUS is a leading company driven by innovation and commitment to quality for products that include notebooks, netbooks, motherboards, graphics cards, etc..Role: Systems EngineerCreation of a support center in Barcelona which had the responsibility of building the HW/SW support IT systems towards the office goal.● Project Definition, Analysis and Conception● Application Development● Systems and Applications SupportTechnologies:DC, AD, MYSQL, APACHE, Routing, Switching, Network Segmentation, Documentation Management, Development, Implementation and Configuring Mail servers PBX servers for VOIP and VCOIP. Oracle, Mysql, PostgreSql, Php, Java, J2EE, Perl, Customer Support center level 3 using remedy as a ticketing system.Support EngineerPortugal Telecom - January 2004 to October 2005Multimedia (Lisbon, Portugal) Jan 2004 - Oct 2005Portugal Telecom (PT) is the largest telecommunications service provider in Portugal. Although it operates mainly in Portugal and Brazil, it has also a significant presence in Guinea-Bissau, Cape Verde, Mozambique, Timor-Leste, Angola, Kenya, the People's Republic of China, and São Tomé and Príncipe.Role: Support EngineerL3 Support Engineer.● ISP Infrastructure SupportTechnologies:Incident & Problem Manager, Corporate client support provider, Operation Issue Support (Frame-Relay, ATM, X.25, xDSL, Dial-Up, ISDN, MPLS, VSAT) Routing and Switching, Tech Trainer.EDUCATIONMaster's in Computer ScienceDIT Dublin Institute of Technology 2012 to 2014Master's in Computer ScienceIST Instituto Superior Tecnico 1999 to 2001Bachelor's in Computer ScienceIST Instituto Superior Tecnico 1996 to 1999LINKS http://de.linkedin.com/pub/miguel-tavares/9/3b2/190 http://www.cloudicy.comADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnical Skill SetTechnologies Databases Operating Systems Other Technologies Java,J2EE,J2SE Oracle 6/8/9/10/11 Linux HTMLStruts RBDMS Ubuntu RESTSpring SQL Server Red Hat Ruby / RailsPerl Sybase Informix Debian Python / Stackless PythonAjax MySQL / NoSQL UNIX Eclipse / STS/ Spring MVC/WS SOAP PosGreSQL / T-SQL Solaris Expect / TCLC++/ VC++ ObjectStore AIX Bash / Csh / Korn / Zsh￼￼