Mohamed Fadili Software Engineer/Web DeveloperDanvers, MA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mohamed-Fadili/c58c14b3d1692eb4Objective:To pursue a successful career in Software Development that will enable me to utilize my strong understanding of programming fundamentals, computer science theories, and analytical and logical skills in practicing software development, maintenance, and troubleshooting.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperSalem State University - Salem, MA - January 2015 to PresentResponsibilitiesOccupational Therapy Annual Research Conference Management System: Developed a web application that allows an admin to set up conferences and manage attendants, as well as allowing attendants to register for the conference, signup for the workshops and take surveys corresponding the workshop they signed up for. Upon completion of the survey, attendants receive a certificate with their credentials on it. Technologies used in this development: PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, and HTML5.Skills UsedPHP, MySQL, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, and HTML5Computer Specialist IIISalem State University - Salem, MA - 2012 to PresentResponsibilitiesTroubleshooting and computer repair.Media Services AssistantSalem State University - Salem, MA - 2012 to PresentResponsibilitiesProvides support and minor assistance to students, faculty and staff in the Classrooms and in the Information Services Technical Support Center, and where needed onsite about the University. Major responsibilities involve delivering equipment to classrooms on time and in a competent manner, as well as basic trouble shooting of equipment in Media Services’ inventory.Math Lab TutorSalem State University - Salem, MA - 2011 to PresentResponsibilitiesTutoring undergraduate and graduate students in math subject.EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Computer ScienceSalem State University - Salem, MA￼SKILLSProgramming Languages:Java, Ruby, C++, JavaScript, JQuery, PHP, SQL, CSS and HTML5Integrated Development Environments:Visual Studio 2012 Ultimate Edition, NetBeans, Eclipse, and Altera Quartus II CAD.ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Awards and HonorsDean’s List: From 2012 to present.International Student Association: President 2012-2013Conferences and SymposiumsPresenter at 2015 Massachusetts Statewide Undergraduate Research Conference Presenter at 2015 Salem State University Undergraduate Research SymposiumAdditionalAbility to communicate effectively both in writing and verbally Experience working in a team environmentReferencesAvailable upon request.