Mukunda Janardhana Software Developer at The University of ArizonaTucson, AZ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mukunda-Janardhana/7a07df5ffcd4c9a6To become an expert in software development by using my skills in the areas like Software modelling, Operating system, Algorithms and to have a sustained growth by adapting to state of the art technology in this field.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperThe University of Arizona - Tucson, AZ - February 2014 to Present1) Developed a GUI based tool for custom Image processing application. 2) Developed LabVIEW software for real time data acquisition system.Design EngineerBharat Electronic Limited - Bangalore, Karnataka - September 2008 to July 2013(1) Development of an Interface unit: This unit contains a video control PCB which gets TTL control from a high speed RF comparator, based on this TTL control the video signal corresponding to the higher power RF is selected in the PCB using a multiplexer. The multiplexer o/p is fed as an input to the signal processor unit for further processing.(2) Prototype design of FPGA based controller for TR module: TR module is a sub component of Beam Forming Network and the beam controller in TR module was implemented using FPGA. The FPGA based controller was supposed to get angle of arrival as an input upon which some operation were carried out. Then the FPGA sets the control lines for 180 degree 5 bit digital phase shifter and 5 bit digital attenuator to steer the beam in required angle.(3) Test rig development for Radar Warning Receiver System (RWR): A rig to integrate the RWR system with host machine and other modules was designed. The rig was having features like testing of 1553B, ARINC & RS422 protocols, load test and operational software via RS422 and test all other features of RWR.(4) Field evaluation of RWR system: Carried out field evaluation of RWR system in aircraft to study the performance variation of the system due to software and hardware changes.(5) Project management: I was following project management principles like Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) dictionary to track the project execution. I also used SAP for Product Life cycle management.EDUCATIONMS in Electrical & Computer EngineeringThe University of Arizona 2013 to 2015Bachelors in Electronics & CommunicationSri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering September 2004 to June 2008￼Affiliated to Visveswaraiah Technological UniversitySKILLS• C/ C++ programming and Data structures • Software modeling: Domain based Metamodel design, UML • Network programming: Router design • Reconfigurable computing: Parallelizing computing using FPGA • Hardware descriptive languages: VHDL & Verilog • Logic design: RTL design, Behavioural synthesis and Logic optimization • LabVIEW programming for real time data acquisition • Parallel programming • Scripting language: Perl • Code management: Version control system like GitLINKS https://www.linkedin.com/in/mukundamj￼