NAGARAJUNA KOTHA Software Developer - Emblem Health, NYNew York, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/NAGARAJUNA-KOTHA/28d44dcc9803669e• Six and half years of extensive experience in Analysis, Design, Development, Testing, Implementation, Support and Maintenance of several major Web and Client/Server Applications for various business environments and commercial projects.• Strong working knowledge of Object Oriented Programming.• Expertise in designing and developing applications using C#, VB.NET, ASP.NET, DEVExpress, SOAP, HTML 4, XML, CSS, Java Script, AJAX, JQuery, Entity framework and Win Forms.• Expertise in using Language Integrated Query (LINQ) for data manipulation.• Good Knowledge in using MVVM, MVP, CSLA, MVC 4.0, and IIS, NUnit.• Experience in working with Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) and Web Services• Good experience in development of reports using Crystal Reports, SSIS, SSRS, and Data Reports.• Proficient at designing GUI based applications using Windows Forms/WPF with Microsoft Visual Studio .NET 2010• Knowledge in writing stored procedures, triggers, views using SQL SERVER 2005/2008, Oracle 11g/10g.• Knowledge in SSIS and SSAS. Experience in using SSIS tools like Import and Export Wizard, Package Installation, and SSIS Package Designer• Good knowledge in designer tools such as Microsoft Visio.• Creative in Designing the UI that is appealing and also gives user friendly experience.• Ability to work independently and in a team environment and actively participate in projects within work groups and across organizations.• Hands on experience in debugging and fixing the bugs and also very good with support and maintenance. • Worked with business analysis and requirements in Agile Methodologies such as SCRUM.• Developed Win forms and Web Forms, and provided support for Web Services as well as implemented data binding.• Good knowledge in Relational Database Management Systems and Experience in T-SQL, PL/SQL programming.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperEmblem Health, NY - New York, NY - April 2013 to PresentEmblem Health, Inc., through its companies Group Health Incorporated (GHI) and Health Plan of New York (HIP) provides affordable, quality health care coverage and administrative services to approximately 2.8 million people. Groups and individuals can choose from a variety of PPO, EPO and HMO programs as well as prescription drug, dental and vision plans. This project is to redesign their website with the information of various health plans, doctors listed under different plans and also create login for each individual.Responsibilities:* Used Agile Software Development methodologies to enable efficient and effective high-quality software development.* Developed web pages in ASP.NET and used C# for code behind application programming interface.* Developed the application using MVC 4.0 Architecture and Entity Framework.* Used the ASP.NET server controls for the application.* Client-side web development using HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, MVC frameworks.￼* Implemented CRUD functionality with Entity framework in ASP.NET MVC and implemented sorting, filtering and paging with Entity framework in MVC.* Developed Web Services for Business Logic Layer for Service Oriented Architecture.* Developed Data Access layer, Business layer and Presentation Layer for the n-tier architecture web application using C#, ADO.NET and ASP.NET.* Implemented Web Services in ASP.Net for the business layer that interacts with various inter-department applications.* Developed Code Business logic in the C#.NET.* Implemented Data Access Layer using ADO.NET to communicate with the SQL Server database.* Used Dataset, Data Adapter, Data Reader and other ADO.NET connectivity objects.* Used Master pages and different server controls.* Designed and developed business components using C#.Net.* Developed Web Services using C# to make requests to the server. The information received is passed back in an XML format which is parsed through and displayed to the client.* Developed the necessary Stored Procedures and SQL Queries.* Designed and Coded Tables & Views in SQL server 2008.* Involved in database design and writing Stored Procedures using SQL server 2008.* Developed business and data access components in C# utilizing ADO.NET transaction management & LINQ. * Performed Unit testing using NUnit.Environment: ASP.NET, C#.NET, Visual Studio 2010, SQL Server 2008, ADO.NET, Web Services, JavaScript, HTML, XML, NUnit.Net developerBarclays Financial Services - January 2012 to March 2013Description:: Barclays is a major global financial service provider engaged in retail banking, credit cards, corporate and investment banking and wealth management with an extensive international presence in Europe Along the way Barclays has always focused on serving the needs of its customers. AdminCenter is online portal which is part of ATS (Access Target State) intended for high end clients like Wal-Mart and Ford to maintain their treasury services. I have developed team User Management which is mainly related to the Managing the user activitiesResponsibilities:• Performed requirement analysis, design, development, testing, maintenance and deployment of the web portal.• Used AGILE/SCRUM methodology to implement the application.• Designed Class, Use Case, Sequence diagrams using MS Visio.• Used front end web development tools like CSS, JavaScript, DHTML, and jQuery.• Extensively used ASP.NET, C#.NET Validation Controls and JavaScript for client side validations in the Web Pages.• Involved in the design and development of application on ASP.Net MVC Framework.• Incorporated ASP.NET AJAX Control like Ajax Toolkit, Script Manager, Update Panel and AJAX Timer.• Creating and Consuming WCF web services in the application• Used the latest WPF/XAML vector based UI framework for the front end and WCF to implement the various services such as the QA Services in winform application.• Developed various interface screens using Win Forms, ASP.NET and HTML controls for Client-Server interaction.• Used LINQ to query against strongly typed collections of object and various data source, XML documents, Web services, ADO.Net Objects and Entity Framework 4.0• Used Session State, View State, Cookies and Query Strings to persist and transfer data between pages.• Used Silverlight for the rich internet applications.• Used Team Foundation Server (TFS) for Version Control and generated reports using the SQL Server Reporting services (SSRS)• Worked on XML parsing for 270/271 claims related to member eligibility and benefits.• Unit test was done on loosely coupled modules using NUnitEnvironment: ASP.Net 4.0, MVC, C#, ADO.net, Winforms, Visual Studio 2010, SQL Server 2008 R2, Microsoft Visio, SSRS, Web Services, WCF, WPF, XAML, TFS 2010, IIS 7.0, Java Script, JQuery, XML, AJAX, LINQ, HTML, CSS.C#.NET DevelopeRState Farm Insurance - Chicago, IL - November 2010 to December 2011Description:rState Farm Insurance is provider of auto, health, home and life insurance. Health Insurance Management System (HIMS) is fully automated and integrated application for managing the Policy plans, Agent Commission, Incurred but not Paid and Settlements. This Insurance Management System gives information of the client, policy details and premium rates and monitors the policies for delayed payments. It manages different claims per policies, claim settlements and allows coverage verifications.Responsibilities:• Involved in object oriented analysis and design using UML (Unified Modeling Language) techniques such as use case, activity, sequence, class and component diagrams using Visio.• Created and optimized views for user interactions using objects of HTML Helper class, Custom Helpers and JavaScript/jQuery• Developed the application using C#, ASP.Net, and JavaScript with SQL Server as the back end.• Developed .Net classes for Data Access layer using Data Access Application Block.• Developed various interface screens using Web Forms, ASP.NET and HTML controls for Client-Server interaction• Developed and consumed Web services for getting health insurance premium quotes, Medicare Supplement Rate quotes, county codes etc.• Developed WCF services and implemented with service contract attributes, operation contract and data contract attributes.• Consumed Remote Web services using WCF Service Model and called within Silverlight to implement Data Binding with Silverlight controls.• Designed and developed reports using Crystal Reports for HIMS modules that are designed to take parameters for query, export into PDF/Excel/Txt formats.• Implemented .Net classes for Business logic Layer using C#.• Developed tables, stored procedures, views, functions and triggers to perform automated rules, updating to related tables in SQL server 2005/2008.• Implemented GUI using HTML, XML, CSS and Web Form Controls to create web pages, developed Master Pages.• Performed Code Reviews (manual) to implement performance and coding conventions guidelines.• Created application level Error Log utility to log all the errors for effective solution for help desk.• Used Visual Source Safe for version management process.Environment: Visual Studio 2010, .Net framework 3.0/3.5, C#, ASP.NET, WebForms, WCF, WPF, SQL Server 2005/2008 AJAX, XML, XSL/XSLT, Web Services, WCF, SOAP, WSDL, JavaScript, Web Forms, HTML, CSS, Crystal Reports, Visual Source Safe.Software DeveloperCITIGROUP - May 2009 to October 2010Project Description:Application is an intranet website for automation of employee Entitlement process within Citi Cards Card member Services (CS) . This is a secure intranet website that provides Online Access entitlements for users and profiles consolidation, File Access entitlements for users and profiles, Online Table Management System [OTMS] for verification and validation of transaction done by Citi Cards employees.Responsibilities:• Developed Web application using C#.Net• Created user friendly web pages containing custom controls using AJAX.• Extensively used data access controls like Data Grids, Data Lists, User controls and Custom controls.• Developed and used client side validations using JavaScript and called Remote objects to verify any backend information pertaining to a bank customer.• Created the database with necessary tables in SQL 2005.• Used logging, caching and data access application blocks and developed the applications.• Tracked bank customer specific information using Session objects and cache objects and page output caching are carefully used to achieve optimization.• Developed Web pages using XML based templates were used to achieve the uniformity between all the pages and menus were also implemented using XML for easy maintenance and configuration.• Designed and implemented flexible data access components for extracting data from various database systems using ADO.Net, XML, C#.NET and SQL Server 2005.• Manipulating the XML data files using classes defined in system.xml namespace like Xml Node, Xml Document, and Xml Data Document.• Used Visual Studio .NET debugger and ASP .NET trace functionality to debug the application.Environment: .Net Framework 3.0, Visual Studio 2008, C#.NET, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, Web Forms, Win Forms, Web Services, XML, JavaScript, IIS, SQL Server 2005, Visual Studio .Net debugger.Transexpress, India - August 2008 to April 2009Project: Airbill plusDescription:Airbill is a tool which is used at Transexpress Logistics Company. This tool covers pretty much a lot of features like calculating shipping rates/bills based on several things like location, weight and time, many other applications are integrated into this project which are Accounting, Billing, Database maintenance, Availability of information and etc. Airbill application uses SQL server database for storage purposes. Airbill is the actual name for Airbill plus.Responsibilities:• Participated in requirement gathering and compiling them into User Requirements Document.• Created Function Specification Document (FSD)• Developed layered architecture using C#.• Used .Net Ajax for fast loading and segment saving for complicated pages.• Developing front-end web application using ASP.NET, frontend scripting in Java Script, and implemented some tools from DevExpress technology.• Developed data layer using SQL server.• Developed and used web user controls and custom controls to enable reuse of common UI functionalities. • Developed Reports using SSRS.• Integrating Data using SSIS.• Developed User controls using Infragistic grid Controls.• Developed database objects such as stored procedures, views, and functions.• Used VSS for source code management, control and module integration.• Involved in performance testing of the application by using Microsoft SQL Profiler/Trace Analyzer.• Extended production support by resolving technical issues, user related issues and change requests (enhancements)Environment: ASP.NET, C#, MS SQL Server 2005, Visual Studio.NET 2008, IIS6.0, SQL server, XML, CSS, JavaScript, Win Forms, AJAX, WCF, WPF, VSS, SSIS, SSRS, LINQ.EDUCATIONBachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communication EngineeringJawaharlal Nehru technological universityADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL SKILLS.NET Technologies ADO.NET, ASP.NET, VB.NET, Web services, WCF, WPF, MVC 4.0, .NET Framework 2.0/3.0/3.5/4.0, CSLA, Silver Light, Nhibernate, IIS.Programming Languages C, C++, C#.Net, PL/SQL, VB Script, UML.Markup & Scripting HTML/DHTML, XML, CSS, Java script, Ajax, jQuery.Operating Systems Windows95/98/NT/ Server 2003/XP/Vista/7/8.Database Systems SQL Server 2000/2005/2008, MS Access2003/2007, Oracle, SYBASEToolsNetworking KnowledgeMicrosoft Visual Studio.Net 2003/2005/2008/2010/2012, SQL Server Management Studio, Visual Studio 6.0, Entity frame work Microsoft Expression Blend, Visual Source SafeLocal Area Network Connections, TCP/IP, and Server Maintenance