Nathan ZdanowiczCOMPUTER SCIENCE SPECIALIST - DIGITAL ROOTSSwartz Creek, MI - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nathan-Zdanowicz/f091eaf4f93809aaTo gain a position with growth opportunity that will leverage my technical expertise and provide a rich personal and professional growth opportunity.WORK EXPERIENCECOMPUTER SCIENCE SPECIALISTDIGITAL ROOTS - July 2014 to PresentPhysical and prospective implementation of hardware standards for account managers, coworkers and clients. • In-house computer science and network technology consultant.• Designed implementation options to fit countless budget restrictions, describing individual product choices thoroughly including hardware and software specifications.COMPUTER TECHNICIANLAKE FENTON COMMUNITY SCHOOLS - July 2011 to July 2012Managed the technology spending budget of 100K including invoicing and large budget allocations across the Lake Fenton school district.• Set up and maintained a help desk environment with minimal supervision to efficiently process customer requests.• Extensive troubleshooting and problem resolution for both hardware and software concerns.• Developed a strong passion for providing the highest level of customer service even for the most challenging customers.LINKS http://www.linkedin.com/pub/nathan-zdanowicz/87/266/795ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSKILLS & ABILITIES• Extensive computer hardware and software experience and training in:- All levels and releases of windows operating systems and Microsoft office products. - Several Mac OSX operating system releases.- Linux and other open source operating systems.- Programming experience at a video gaming level.- Multiple mobile operating systems.- Setting up all types of computer science related hardware.• Natural ability to learn computer software fast and efficiently.• Proficient typing skills (~100 words per minute).• Comfort in technical troubleshooting and problem resolving.• Several computer science certification training courses. (CompTIA A+)• Certified Internet Webmaster (CIW) Associate.￼￼