Neha SahaySenior Software Developer - Panasonic Automotive SystemsPeachtree City, GA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Neha-Sahay/2cf1667ccdde3f11On me, technically - I like to fiddle with new technologies. Learning them and applying them productively is my passion. I would like to make maximum use of available technology, butvery keen on emerging ones. A short learning curve, adaptability and patience are always at my help.With a brilliant professional record I aspire to join as Senior Software Engineer where in my diligence and technical expertise contribute to the organization's growth.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware Developer (Contract)Sub Project - Peachtree City, GA - October 2014 to PresentProject Description:The Software Abstract Layer provides an interface to interact between the HMI and the various different application services, for eg. Media services.With various messages and events being exchanged, we develop different handlers to accept and process these events to appropriate queues for required behavior as per the system requirements.Responsibilities:• Expertise in Problem solving.• Expertise in resolving and classifying configuration and design issues.• Design (class diagram/sequence diagram) preparation with the reference to requirement. • Individually designed and implemented features for the product.• Involved in feature design and developments with clients.• Unit Testing & Integration Testing, Test Spec Preparation.Environment & Tools: QNX momentics , C/C++(with OOPS concepts) programming, Enterprise Architect.Senior Software DeveloperPanasonic Automotive Systems - October 2014 to PresentProject Description:The Software Abstract Layer provides an interface to interact between the HMI and the various different application services, for eg. Media services.With various messages and events being exchanged, we develop different handlers to accept and process these events to appropriate queues for required behavior as per the system requirements.Responsibilities:• Expertise in Problem solving.• Expertise in resolving and classifying configuration and design issues.• Design (class diagram/sequence diagram) preparation with the reference to requirement. • Individually designed and implemented features for the product.• Involved in feature design and developments with clients.• Unit Testing & Integration Testing, Test Spec Preparation.￼Environment & Tools: QNX momentics , C/C++(with OOPS concepts) programming, Enterprise Architect.Senior Software DeveloperBOSCH Security Systems - June 2012 to December 2013Role: Senior Software DeveloperProject Description:The Modular Alarm Platform 5000(MAP5000) system is a scalable solution for medium-to-large applications. It uses Bosch Data Buses (BDBs) based on Controller Area Network (CAN) technology, users can arm and disarm the system using control center which is a graphical color touch screen keypad. MAP-5000is being successfully used to secure Individual houses, banks, offices, airports etc against, intruder, fire in European as well as American Countries.Sub Project - January 2012 to December 2012For the ENGRADE3 Certification of the Map-5000 Panel 500 Mandatory (a group of events/alarmsare marked as mandatory) Events has to be stored in a different table in the Embedded Database and 500 mandatory events should be available at any instant of time. Overflow detection, deletion of excess events. Responsibilities:• Enhancement of the existing table/creation of the mandatory table, coding using C++ on Unix • Platform, using embedded database queries.• Taking care of the capacity of the table and deletion of excess events.• Test Spec preparation and unit testing.Environment & Tools: Windriver, Unix, C++ with OOPS concepts, MKS, Winscp, Raima database.Sub Project - July 2012 to November 2012Defect Analysis, Finding fix and testing the Solution for the defect.• Performed DST (daylight-saving) user support testing, string validation testing.• Created virtual icons using GIMP tool for the keypad (the control centre).• Participation in creation & updating of the technical documents for the new & existingfeatures.• Participation in team discussions on new features, customer requirements and specifications. Environment & Tools: C++ Programming using OOPs Concept on UNIX Platform, Windriver, MKS.VSE Gateway ControllerNORTEL/ERICSSON - March 2010 to April 2012Telecom Domain)Company: WIPRO TECHNOLOGIES LTD.Role: Project EngineerProject Description:VSE based Gateway Controller handles calls over IP network (VoIP) for CDMA. Gateway controllercontrols the gateways connected which help making bearer path for a call between two mobiles. It transfers all the calls related information to the XA-Core switch and establishes the bearer path i.e. voice path for communication to happen.Responsibilities:• Migration from VRTX based SAM21 Gateway Controller to Linux based VSE GWC.• To remove the bugs and enhance the performance.• Participation in team discussions on new features, customer requirements and specifications and code reviews.• Performing DI test cases to verify the functionality, capacity and stability of the product.Environment & Tools: C++ on Linux Platform, Clearcase, Nortel PLS.EXPERIENCE ACHIEVEMENTS:OFFICE:-Robert Bosch Engineering & Business Solutions Ltd, Bangalore, Karnataka• AWARDED WITH "Note Of Appreciation" for in-time successful delivery of the assigned tasks,which helped the team to ensure the customer's satisfaction by providing the appropriate work done in time. - Wipro Technologies Ltd., Bangalore, Karnataka• AWARDED WITH "SUPER ACHIEVER'S AWARD" for the contributions in the GWC team as adeveloper and ensuring customer's satisfaction by providing the appropriate work done in time.• AWARDED WITH "THANKS A ZILLION AWARD" for conducting and coordinating PeopleFeista Week.EDUCATION"UNIVERSITY GOLD MEDAL" June 2006CERTIFICATEEXAMINATIONS AT SATI POLY. COLLEGE June 2006CERTIFICATE in INFORMATION TECHNOLOGYAT SATI POLY June 2006CERTIFICATEAT SATI POLY. COLLEGE June 2005INFORMATION TECHNOLOGYAT SATI POLY. COLLEGE June 2005