Nishith ShahSoftware Developer - Decade Software Company- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nishith-Shah/b3b5dad90ead8ef8• Over 6 years of experience in software development using C#, ASP.NET, SQL Server, MVC, Web API, Entity Framework, LINQ, Web Forms, ADO.NET, WCF and AngularJS• Experienced in writing optimized, reusable, organized and clean C# code• Designed and developed database driven dynamic web solutions using ASP.NET MVC and Web Forms• Proficiency in .NET Frameworks 4.5.1/4.5/4.0/3.5/3.0/2.0/1.1• Experienced in designing and normalizing database, writing store procedure, cursor and T-SQL• Knowledge of writing complex SQL joins, inserts, cursors for data migration• Proficient in object relational mapping (ORM) tools like Entity Framework and NHibernate• Worked with LINQ to Objects, LINQ to Entities and Lambda Expressions• Proficient in JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS, AJAX, HTML, XML• Implemented software design patterns like Repository, Unit of Work, Facade, MVC and Singleton• Created web application user interface (Web UI) using CSS 3.0/2.0, Bootstrap, LESS, Adobe Photoshop• Proficient in developing console applications• Hands on experience with .netTiers application framework• Handled all aspects of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including design, planning, feasibility studies, testing, scheduling, release, defect tracking, documentation, and support• Working experience with third party tools like Telerik controls and Devexpress• Worked with Elmah for exception logging• Worked closely with clients, QA teams and end users for requirements gathering, to resolve issues and to improve efficiency and usability respectively• Helping team members with technical and functional issuesWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperDecade Software Company - June 2014 to Present Project: EnvisionConnect Online￼Responsibilities:• Developed responsive front end components using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap 3.0 • Created directives, controllers, factories using AngularJS• Designed models, views and controllers using C# .Net• Developed Web API methods using C# .Net• Designed database using SQL Server 2014• Fixed defects and maintain code quality through code refactoring• Prepared design documentsEnvironment: C# ASP.Net 4.5, MVC 5, Web API, SQL Server 2014, AngularJS, Bootstrap 3.0, HTMLSoftware DeveloperExperis IT Services US, LLC - September 2011 to June 2014Project: ACS Membership Provider Responsibilities:• Modified methods to update child tables.• Implemented Elmah to log exceptions in database• Tested Elmah logging by forcing an application to raise exceptions.• Implemented Supervisor and Subordinates lookup• Implemented a new JQuery menuProject: eDocThe eDoc application is powered by DocuSign application API. It helps UC Merced departments and users to create, send, update, approve and track electronic documents. Application has a built in search to allow user to track the status of any documents/templates.Responsibilities:• Used field sets, legends and CSS to provide same look and feel to all web pages.• Implemented jQuery plugins like AutoComplete, Watermark, and Date Picker as per requirements.• Wrote custom validation functions in jQuery.• Used jQuery to automatically fill email text box on the basis of First Name and Last Name.• Created icons and images using Adobe Photoshop CS4.• Created generic handlers for caching of data.• Implemented a functionality to update document statuses in the database asynchronously.• Implemented a "Preview eDoc" functionality to show server side pdf files in Rad Window popup.• Implemented dynamic grid views.• Created built in "Search" functionality to easily find "Status" using search criteria like Fist Name, Last Name, User Name and Date Range.• Used LINQ to query objectsEnvironment: ASP.NET 4.0, Net tiers, C#, Visual Studio 2012/2010, MS SQL Server 2008, jQuery, JavaScript, CSS,Adobe Photoshop CS4, Team Foundation Server, SQL Server ProfilerProject: IntelFormsThis is Form CMS based on asp.net controls. User can create forms on the fly with jQuery driven form editor. The form then renders as an asp.net web form and captures data. The forms created in Intelforms have small workflow attached to them.Responsibilities:• Created test cases based on use case document and executed test cases on test environments.• Found more than 75 functionality, security and browser specific defects in test environment.• Logged all the defects in Team Foundation Server (TFS) and assigned to project manager• After all the defects resolved and tested in test environment, created separate domain on production, migrated the build on that domain and tested all the features.Environment: ASP.NET 4.0, Net tiers, C#, MS SQL Server 2008, jQuery, JavaScript, CSS, Adobe Photoshop CS4,Team Foundation Server, SQL Server ProfilerProject: Position Control Number (PCN)The PCN application helps UC Merced budgeting department to track academic/non-academic staff budgets very precisely by providing all the essential information in an easy to read format. The state of the art synchronizing feature keeps the application data synchronized with the main frame application. It is a stand- alone web application developed using ASP.NET 4.0 and Net-tiers application framework.Responsibilities:• Obtained, analyzed and documented business requirements from clients• Designed and created SQL database, views and stored procedure using SQL Server 2008• Burned Net Tiers to generate Data Access Layer (DAL) using Code Smith Generation Tool• Created reach User Interface using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery• Created c# classes for ObjectDataSource• Implemented rule based securities which allow/deny users to access particular functionality within the application.• Implemented "back to search result" functionality• Consumed web service to validate "FAU"• Wrote complex LINQ to filter data• Used JavaScript AutoComplete functionality to enhance the user interface• Involved in writing Dynamic SQL Store Procedure to implement roll back functionality• Created telerik rad windows as popup to display static data• Updated parent window from telerik modal window using JavaScript• Created data export functionality to MS Word, Excel, PDF and CSV.• Used Enterprise Library V5 for exception and logging.• Prepared technical specification to document scope, references, architecture, dependencies, flow diagram, class diagram, data dictionary and configuration details.• Prepared entity-relationship diagram and flow diagram using MS Visio• Prepared test plans and test casesEnvironment: ASP.NET 4.0, Net tiers, C#, Visual Studio 2010, MS SQL Server 2008, jQuery, JavaScript, CSS, AdobePhotoshop CS2, Team Foundation ServerProject: Faculty ReportsThe Faculty report is being used by UC Merced faculties who are involved in research projects to track their finances related to the grant. The application provides key information to faculty in deciding the course of their research direction based on available funds and expenses. It is state of the art standalone web based application using ASP.Net 4.0 and Net tiers framework.Responsibilities:• Refactoring existing code• Showed SSRS report on web page with ASP.net report viewer control• Sent parameters dynamically to the SSRS report• Called SSRS report through web client and saved the output in PDF format• Created Emailing system which creates PDF of current web page (report) and send it as an attachment • Removed ASP.net report viewer elements with jQuery• Stored the states (parameter) of drilled through reports in session and used those on other pagesEnvironment: ASP.NET 4.0, Net-tiers, C#, Visual Studio 2010, MS SQL Server 2008, jQuery, JavaScript, CSS, AdobePhotoshop CS2, Team Foundation ServerComputer ProgrammerIT Spin Inc - February 2011 to September 2011Project: Vendor Prospect Registration System (UCMVendors)As a research oriented university, UC Merced requires many products and services from different vendor/ agency/service professionals. The web enabled UCM Vendor application maintains a database of prospective firms interested in doing business with UC Merced. The database is referred at appropriate times in the development of mailing lists for the solicitation of quotation and services. The application helps UC Merced's to keep its commitment in supporting local economy by supporting local businesses. It is a stand-alone web based application being developed using ASP.NET 4.0 and Net-tiers application framework. It allows vendors/ agencies/service professionals to create, update and delete their profile. It helps administrator to search vendors based on different criteria. It provides export functionality of search result to MS Word, Excel, PDF and CSV.Responsibilities:• Changed existing database to make it compatible with Net-tiers DAL provider• Created Data Access Layer (DAL) and data artifacts using Net-tiers driven DAL provider• Modified all existing CRUD (Create Read Update Delete) operations to use the new DAL• Modified User Interface (UI) to fit current ACS application template, skin, and style sheets using CSS 2, jQuery and XHTML.• Converted existing table based access system to ACS Membership provider's latest version• Modified password retrieval (forgotten password feature) to use ACS Membership provider• Modified screens (input from vendors) with modification requested by purchasing department• Created search section for administrator to search the data. This search section would be incorporated via SSRS• Created and consumed custom validators for asp.net controls. Also created mechanism to fire asp.net built in validators with jQuery.• Created data export functionality to MS Word, Excel, PDF and CSV.• Used jQuery tab to create tab based dash board• Used AJAX Toolkit Controls like Calendar, MaskedEditExtender, TextBoxWatermark etc.• Created http handlers and consumed them with jQuery.• Used LINQ to query object lists.• Created User Controls• Used Enterprise Library V5 for exception and logging.• Prepared technical specification to document scope, references, architecture, dependencies, flow diagram, class diagram, data dictionary and configuration details.Environment: ASP.NET 3.5, 4.0, Net-tiers, C#, Visual Studio 2010, MS SQL Server 2008, jQuery, JavaScript, AdobePhotoshop CS2, CSS, Team Foundation ServerJunior Quality AnalystBrainware Solutions LLC - April 2010 to February 2011Responsibilities:• Obtained, analyzed and documented business requirements from clients• Retrieved data from databases to validate testing efforts (writing and executing SQL queries) • Created effective test plans• Created and documents test cases• Executed test cases and articulated test results• Validated if software requirements are met• Proposed ideas to improve software quality• Documented process flow and application specifics for the customer• Reviewed and test upgrades for currently released softwareEnvironment: MSSQL Server 2008, Quick Test Professional (QTP)Software Development EngineerAppliQuer Technologies - June 2004 to January 2007Project: Movies Rental SolutionMovies Rental Solution is a shopping cart for the online sales and rental of movies. Application allows admin to insert, update, delete and to customize movies into different categories or according to rank given to the movies while user can purchase, subscribe or rent movies by paying online. This application has been developed using ASP.net 1.1 framework.Responsibilities:• Obtained, analyzed and documented business requirements from client• Designed and implemented Data Access Layer (DAL) and used ADO.NET to communicate with database• Wrote stored procedures, user defined functions, views and triggers using SQL Server 2000• Used ADO.NET for data querying, storage and manipulation.• Developed user interface in ASP.NET using C#.Net as code behind language.• Implemented Custom Validations Controls and performed validations both on client and server side• Created reach user interface using third party library• Implemented datasets for temporary storing and manipulation of data.• Validated user using form authentication.• Responsible for the integration of software modules (version control and packaging releases).• Extensively worked with XML data manipulation using C#.• Actively participated in use case reviews, design reviews, and code reviews.• Enhancements to the existing system to add additional functionality to meet user's requirements. Environment: ASP.NET 1.1, C#.Net, SQL Server 2000, HTML, JavaScript, Visual Studio 2003, Visual Source Safe, CSSProject: The DiwanjiThe Diwanji Software is a Windows Form Application. It is school management software. Application keeps track of students' progress, attendance and accounting. It also generates exam report cards. It prepares balance sheet of fees that school has received on daily, weekly, monthly and yearly basis.Responsibilities:• Worked with school teachers and accounting department to collect the requirements• Analyzed and documented software requirements• Involved in design and Implement Data Access Layer (DAL). Used ADO.NET to communicate with SQL Server 2000• Writing complex store procedures and user functions for SQL Server 2000 database• Writing complex database queries for various reports• Created Custom Data Grid to display records• Enhancements to the existing system to add additional functionality to meet user's requirements.• Created Grade report, Attendance sheet, Balance sheet and expense Vouchers using Crystal Report• Prepared presentation in MS Power Point to explain the software functionality to the school staff• Trained the school staff• Involved into troubleshooting and onsite supportEnvironment: C#.Net, Win Form, SQL Server 2000, Visual Studio 2003, Visual Source Safes, Crystal ReportProject: The ERPThe ERP package was developed in C#.Net and ASP.net 1.1. Main Modules of this project are: Finance, Sales, Purchase, Inventory and HR.Responsibilities:• Analyze the business requirements using raw data provided by client• Involved in designing of database using SQL Server 2000Involved in creating of functions, views, triggers and procedures required by the application using T-SQL in SQL Server 2000• Developed user interface using ASP.net, JavaScript, HTML and CSS• Developed business logic using C#.net as code behind language• Wrote web services to exchange data between different layers• Used ASP.NET validation controls and JavaScript for validating user information• Involved in preparation of detailed design specification and test cases• Involved in designing of reports using Crystal Reports• Interacted with testing team members for bug solving and other issuesEnvironment: ASP.net 1.1, C#.Net, Visual Studio 2003, SQL Server 2000, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, XMLEDUCATIONMaster of Science in Mechanical EngineeringCalifornia State University - Sacramento, CA January 2007 to December 2010Bachelor of Engineering in MechanicalGovernment Engineering College - Gujarat, IN June 2000 to May 2004ADDITIONAL INFORMATION TECHNICAL SKILLS:Languages/Framework: C#, ASP.NET, SQL Server, MVC, Entity Framework, LINQ, Web Forms, ADO.NET, WCFRDBMS/Database: SQL Server 2014/2012/2008/2005/2000Other Technologies: JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, AJAX, HTML, XML, CSS 3.0, Bootstrap 3.0Tools: Visual Studio 2013/2012/2010/2008/2005/2003, Team Foundation Server (TFS), Microsoft Visio, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver, MS Project, SQL Server ProfilerOperating Systems: Windows 8, Windows 7, Vista and XPWeb Servers: MS IIS 8.0/7.5/7.0/6/0/5.1/5.0S/W Methodology: SDLC, Agile, ScrumArchitecture: n-tire, SOA, Microsoft Enterprise LibraryOthers: Telerik Controls, Devexpress, soapUI, SQL Server Profiler