Noopur GuptaSoftware Engineer - Compunnel Software Group Inc- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Noopur-Gupta/c77e079dbca21889WORK EXPERIENCESoftware EngineerCompunnel Software Group Inc - January 2015 to PresentResponsibilities:• Support and maintenance of HNW Publisher and HNW CMS.• Major role in the wind down process of the HNW Software products.Environment: Java 5 and 6, Spring 3.0/3.1, Hibernate 3.5/4.1.1, Jboss 4.0.2/JBoss 7.1.1.as, JMS, MySQL, Postgresql, PL/SQL, Ant, Maven, Spring Security, SAML 2.0, Jenkins, Struts, EJB 2, EJB3, JQuery, JSP, CVS, GIT, Eclipse.Senior Software DeveloperHNW - 2014 to January 2015• Lead the development efforts to to re-architect re-design and develop the Content Management System to support content creation for several channels like email, web, linked-in etc. Involved in data model re- architecture for the content modules.• Designed and developed project to incorporate Single Sign On for one of the clients using SAML 2.0 and Spring Security SAML. Project involved authenticating the SAML response received from IDP (client) after user authentication and redirecting the user to HNW Publisher application.• Heavily involved in all the automated Data Synchronization processes also wrote several stored procedures for one-time/manual data synchronization.Other Responsibilities:• Lead several major projects.• Worked with and managed off-shore resources as well as on site contractors, offloading work, reviewing codes, and providing guidance to encourage and get the most out of our resources.• Supported both Business Management- and Technology-side decisions with ongoing research, ad hoc reports, and estimates.• Maintenance and support of the product.• Directed, managed and performed all SDLC software releases as well as emergency patches.Environment: Java 5 and 6, Spring 3.0/3.1, Hibernate 3.5/4.1.1, Jboss 4.0.2/JBoss 7.1.1.as, JMS, MySQL, Postgresql, PL/SQL, Ant, Maven, Spring Security, SAML 2.0, Jenkins, Struts, EJB 2, EJB3, JQuery, JSP, CVS, GIT, Eclipse.Senior Software DeveloperHNW - January 2013 to January 2014• Lead and developed a major project to upgrade legacy code from java 1.4/struts 1.3/EJB2.1 to java 1.5/ spring 3.0/hibernate 3.5 and then to java 1.6/spring 3.1/hibernate 4.1.• Developed automated process for Data Synchronization via SalesForce using SOAP for Bank Of America. Process involved real time synchronization as well as nightly job for full synchronization.￼Software DeveloperHNW - April 2008 to December 2012• Over the years worked on customization of the HNW Publisher product code base for several new clients.• Introducing multi-tenancy as opposed to having separate server instance per client. Designing and developing common code base for all the clients and configuring the code base on one Jboss instance.• Worked on setting up several nightly automated most important being HR feed and Subscriber Feed upload jobs which basically involves uploading the feed files from the client’s FTP or SFTP server, processing the files and uploading them to the database. Jobs were developed in JAVA and scheduled using Quartz job scheduler.Software DeveloperAppnetix Techno Pvt. Ltd - July 2007 to September 2007 Product Name - FranconnectProject Description:Franconnect was a product of the company that was designed for franchise networks. It fulfills unique IT infrastructure needs of different franchise organizations. This Franchise Management System contained several modules namely, Franchise Sales Management, Franchise Information Management, Customer Management etc. and each module has specific functionalities to meet the steps in setting up of a new franchisee.Responsibility: Development, customization, design, testing and maintenance.Environment:Java 5, XML, Spring, Hibernate, XML and Parsers (DOM and SAX), MySQL 6.0, Jboss, Eclipse, UNIX, ANT, CVS for version control.Software DeveloperAlexion Technologies - November 2006 to June 2007Project Description (November 2006 – June 2007):The application is used to automate the creation and maintenance of Mortgage Products. The Product Control Group performs market research based on which it creates new products. The number of new products and the frequency at which they were created was quite high as the sub-prime market was volatile. The Controllers can create/update the products from front-end but is typically uploaded in bulk into the system using an Excel file as input. IText API is used to generate management reports meant for brokers, borrowers, underwriters and product controllers.Project Description (August 2006 – November 2006):This project of data importing tool was developed to import the data from MS-Excel to the database using POI-Jakarta. The tool also provides utilities for importing Excel data into XML files that can further be used for various other purposes.Project Description (January 2006 – July 2006):This project dealt with maintaining both personal and medical records of each patient which included lab test reports, treatment details etc. It also maintained fixing, rescheduling and canceling the patient’s appointment, each patient being identified by the unique registration number.Project Description (August 2005 – December 2005):This project of CMS delivers the content in the desired printable format (PDF, RTF) using iText tool. The delivery of the content is in the form of booklet, question paper, test series and study materials.Responsibility: Development, customization, design, testing and maintenance.Environment: JDK 1.4, JSP, Servlet, HTML, MS SQL Server 2000, Eclipse IDE, iText, XML, MVC, Struts, JSP, Servlet, JavaBeans, JavaScript, Apache Tomcat, Eclipse, UNIX, Windows 2000, ANT, CVS, POI-Jakarta.Project Description (August 2006 - November 2006):This project of data importing tool was developed to import the data from MS-Excel to the database using POI-Jakarta. The tool also provides utilities for importing Excel data into XML files that can further be used for various other purposes.Project Description (January 2006 - July 2006):This project dealt with maintaining both personal and medical records of each patient which included lab test reports, treatment details etc. It also maintained fixing, rescheduling and canceling the patient's appointment, each patient being identified by the unique registration number.Project Description (August 2005 - December 2005):This project of CMS delivers the content in the desired printable format (PDF, RTF) using iText tool. The delivery of the content is in the form of booklet, question paper, test series and study materials.Responsibility: Development, customization, design, testing and maintenance.Environment: JDK 1.4, JSP, Servlet, HTML, MS SQL Server 2000, Eclipse IDE, iText, XML, MVC, Struts, JSP, Servlet, JavaBeans, JavaScript, Apache Tomcat, Eclipse, UNIX, Windows 2000, ANT, CVS, POI-Jakarta.EDUCATIONBachelor of Technology in Electronics and CommunicationUttar Pradesh Technical UniversitySKILLSJava, J2EE, Spring, Hibernate, JSP, UNIX, Jboss, Javascript, JQuery, JUnit, PL/SQL, Eclipse, CVS.ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Technical Skills:Programming languages/technologies/IDE: JSE/JEE (Servlets, JSP, JDBC, JMS), WebServices, SOAP, Spring Framework (MVC, Security), Spring Security SAML, SAML 2.0, Hibernate, EJB, PL/SQL, XML, XSLT, HTML/CSS/JavaScript, JQuery, JUnit, JSTL, Drools, Eclipse.Programming practices: OOP, AOP, Design Patterns.Operating Systems: Windows, UNIX. Application/Web Servers: JBoss, Aache Tomcat. Source Control: CVS, GIT.RDBMS: MySQL, Postgresql, PL/SQL.Build Systems: Maven, Ant, Jenkins.CRM: SalesForce.