Padmini VenkateshSoftware Developer - III - Open Systems TechnologiesNovi, MI - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Padmini-Venkatesh/1157ead3c266b99b• Over 4.5 years of Industry experience in development of a Software and Life cycle, Information Technology. • M.S graduate in Computer and Information Science from University of Michigan- Dearborn.• Currently working as an application developer using Java, J2EE, Webservices, Ext.js and MySql on Spring Framework.• Familiar with SQL and hibernate query programming.• Proficiency in developing XSLTs and Xmls and work flow for OSM (Order and Service Management) tool which is a middleware used in Telecom Domain.• Worked and managed the graphical user interface of an application using Java, JSPs and SQL.• Exposed to end to end life cycle of the software.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware Developer - IIIOpen Systems Technologies - August 2013 to PresentDuration: Aug 26 2013 till date.Designation: Software Developer - III.Environment: Java (Spring Framework), Ext-js, Jboss Server, Eclipse, MySqlProject Experience Highlights:• Exposed to end-to-end design flow of an auto financing company.• Working as a front & back-end system developer using Java, J2EE, Sencha Ext.js, SQL and Hibernate.• Developed RESTful Web services across different applications.• Used SCM versioning and deployment tool for deployments across various environments.• Developed and supported different enhancements to the application like Address Verification System, eContracting deals.• Involved in production support and handled issues on the fly.Project -2Senior Systems EngineerApple Inc - January 2011 to November 2011Environment: Java, JSP, Javascripts, Jboss Server, Eclipse, Oracle 10g, Mac OSProject Experience Highlights:• Involved in the development of User-Interface using Java, JSP and Javascripts.• Fixed Issues using the RADAR and Espresso application of Mac, related to enhancements and Browser compatibility issues.• Well versed in the usage of Mac OS and other Apple specific applications. • Involved in the UI designing and live interactions with the Client.Project -3Technical Associate EngineerBritish Telecom, Cox Communications - August 2008 to January 2011 Organization: Tech Mahindra ltd, Pune & Atlanta.￼Duration: 22 August 2008 till Jan 7 2011 (2 years and 4 months). Designation: Technical Associate Engineer.Environment: Java, OSM 6.3, Weblogic 9.2, Webservices, XML and XSLT. Project Experience Highlights:• Was a core OSM developer which involved experience in design of the workflow flow management for different activities in a telecom domain.• Was a part of defect management team and was responsible in fixing issues on the fly.• Have worked onsite for few months at Cox Communications, Atlanta, Georgia during the production launch. • Have also worked with tools like SoupUI, Tortoise SVN, WinSCP and Eclipse.• Have received a "Cookie" award for being the most hardworking newcomer.GRADUATE PROJECTS:1. Graduate Research Assistant at University of Michigan- Dearborn.Description: My Masters' Thesis work (under Dr. Di Ma) was based on improving user understanding of the risks associated with downloading an application on Android platform. This work aims at filling the gap by quantitatively measuring the risk factor of Android mobile apps and then represent it with a new user interface that help user comprehension. Crowdsourcing is one of the risk estimation techniques that are used to determine the rating of an app. This could be combined with static and dynamic analysis strategies in future. We also propose a risk summary representation model called "Nutrition Label Model for Smartphones". This model associates a risk index rating for every application during the time of download. The design also incorporates multi-granularity rating approach for the user reviews which includes- (a) high level risk rating like security related issues (b) intermediate-level risk rating like software related issues and (c) low-level risk rating like UI related issues. Our initial work on user study shows 72% of the people agree for the nutrition label model to have increased their understanding of the associated risk with an app.2. Redesigning CraigslistDescription: This project was a part of User Interface and Design course. I created a working prototype of the Craigslist website with better design and efficiency. This was developed on Dreamweaver software with minimal MySql database.3. Implementation of an Online Bookstore using Web Services.Description: I have developed an online bookstore application which has the facility for user login, registration, admin facilities, buying a book and writing a review. The main goal of this project was to develop this application using SOAP (WSDL based) Web services and REST based Web services. This was a part of Webservices course. The development environment included PHP on WAMP server. For RESTful services, I have used Json and Curl in PHP.4. Implementation of Web Video Streaming ProjectThis was developed on PHP platform using LAMP Server.EDUCATIONMaster of ScienceUniversity of Michigan - Dearborn, MI 2012 to 2014Bachelor of engineering in Computer Science engineeringNitte Meenakshi Inst. Of Technology - Bangalore, Karnataka 2007 to 2008Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics, BiologySadvidya Pre University College 2003 to 2004Christ the King Convent High School 2001 to 2002University Board