Pankaj Batra Software Developer - GenpactDenver, CO - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Pankaj-Batra/108037ab3b017ef8• 4 years professional experience as Software Developer and Quality Testing. • Good knowledge of .Net Framework, MS Excel and Macros (Visual Basic).• Developing survey programs in .Net framework.• Experience in preparing Test cases and Test scripts.• Good knowledge of data structure and object oriented programming concept.• Proficient in Test Case Design, Test execution.• Involved in Black Box Testing like Functional, Integration Testing and Regression Testing. • Good Understanding in User acceptance testing (UAT)• Good Understanding of Quality and Testing Concepts.• Good knowledge of testing web based applications.• Working with database MySQL (Basic SQL query).• Good Knowledge on production deployment• Good knowledge of SDLC, STLC.• Gathered a fair understanding of tasks performed during projects.• Believe in continuous learning and an innovative approach.• Proficient in excellent communication, relationship building & interfacing skills, systematic approach and ability to work effectively in fast paced environments.• Strong Oral and Email writing skills.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperGenpact - July 2011 to PresentCurrent Project #1: Research Now Role: Senior Application DeveloperGenpact - July 2011 to PresentDeveloping survey programs in .Net framework.• Good knowledge of Excel to prepare Test cases and Data Validation.• Data Analyst of survey's across all the Geo's.• Developing the survey program with accuracy, quality and efficiency, creating online reports/ Survey layouts and writing custom JavaScript/HTML scripts.• Good Knowledge on production deployment• Proficient in Test Case Design, Test execution.• Prepare Macros for testing application.• Good Understanding in User acceptance testing (UAT)• Strong experience as quality assurance tester.• Involved in developing visual basic for testing survey programs.• Preparation of Test cases as per client requirement.• Handles QA of Online survey (Black Box Testing, Questionnaire Analysis, and Retrieval of data for that Market Research study).• Work for Global, Offshore and Data Validation Team.• Review the requirements for each online survey that needs to be done.￼• Communicating with the clients & project managers as well as other team members to find the best solutions. • Successfully completing the targets given.PROJECT UNDERTAKEN IN COLLEGETeam MemberSwaran Software Support Solution PVT LTD - January 2011 to May 2011Project #1;Delhi MetroEnvironment: C#Duration: 1 Jan, 11 till 15 May, 11Summary: Developed software to check the details of employees while giving training and also to check their attendance.Responsibilities:• Detailed Analysis of the requirement.• Involved in Coding and testing the code developed.EDUCATIONM.C.AMIT Pune2011 to PresentB.C.A.Bharati Vidyapeeth College 2008Neo Convent Sr.Sec.School 2003 to 2005ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Skill Set:Operating Systems: Windows 98, 2000, XP, 2003 ServersPackages: Ms-Office SuiteLanguages: C, C++, HTML, JavaScript, Java1.5 (Core and Advanced), .NET3.5 (Framework and Web Application)Databases: SQL Server 2005, Oracle-PL/SQl