Pavlo BabenkoSOFTWARE DEVELOPER - PERFECTIONIST- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Pavlo-Babenko/2ea7a3018b5f9e96I'm a full stack software developer (as js and html can now be run on your phone, PC or even your smart Tv all 'web developers' had become just 'software developers') passionate about Ruby and Ember.js. I like to work on bright (front-end) and dark (back-end) sides despite cookies. Nginx, Puma and PostgreSQL is my loved ones for fast and stable Rails apps.In my professional career I have worked with a huge technology stack and can say for sure that there is no impossible tasks in programming if you'll have time, internet connection and a head on your shoulders.WORK EXPERIENCESOFTWARE DEVELOPERPERFECTIONIST - February 2014 to PresentDeveloped complex user management CMS for media production agency. Integratedfull-text search using PostgreSQL built in abilities. Created a set of parsers to simplifyadding users profiles into database. Optimized search queries which allowed to reduce page loading time from 3s to ~350ms.FREELANCE- 2014 to PresentParticipated in development internal system for TradingOwl company using Ember.js. Worked in tight connection with server side Django developers to provide the best possible API for using with EmberData.Currently working with Portugal developers on new startup project for music production collaboration. Main responsibilities - is creating front-end using Ember.js. Consulting back-end engineer on providing reliable API. Consulting front-end engineer on Ember.js possibilities.OPEN SOURCEWrapped and AdminLTE bootstrap based template into a rails gem with generators for faster development. https://rubygems.org/gems/adminlte-generatorsJUNIOR WEB DEVELOPERUNTELEPORTED - May 2013 to December 2014Worked on support and extending functionality of UK online education engine for self- employers written on Ruby on Rails. Developed internal messaging system, integratedSphinx based full text search, added ability to export work documents as pdf files.Participated in development of Node.js based movie subscriptions selling platform for USA customers. Main work was done on optimizing PostgreSQL search queries, moving part of administrative functionality to Rails side and migrating some already￼existing code to libraries for faster and easier development process.Was responsible for developing merchant and partner web portals in Ember.js for UKbased payments startup. After a half of a year migrated all code from Ember 0.6 to 1.6 and updated EmberData to 1.0 beta version. Implemented cookie/headers basedCSRF protection for data requests. Developed D3.js based ember extension for displaying users statistics. Worked on IE8 site optimization. Promoted a TDD and BDDideas in development team so we finally switched to test driven development usingSelenium and Cucumber. Integrated part of an app with Salesforce and laid the foundations for Ember.js and Cordova based mobile app development.Created a simple Ruby on Rails application for displaying instagram tagged photos on the map. Integrated third-party company apartments rental XML data for displaying onmap using geocoder gem.Worked on Ember.js web banking solution for Ukrainian bank. Integrated thrift library with EmberData to work with JAVA server API. Build project from scratch. Providedconsultations for other developers.Laid the foundations and developed prototype of CRM System for UAE car selling stores using Ruby on Rails.EDUCATIONBachelor's in applied physicsTaras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv 2013SKILLSRuby, Ruby on Rails, Ember.js, JavaScript, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, Nginx, Apache, Sphinx, HTML/CSS, jQuery, D3.js, Git, MySQL, Unix, configuring servers for deployment, Python, PHP, Three.jsLINKShttp://github.com/chukcha-wtf http://pavlobabenko.com http://ua.linkedin.com/in/pavlobabenkoADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkillsAdvanced knowledge of: Ruby, Ruby on Rails, Ember.js, JavaScriptExperience with: MongoDB, PostgreSQL, Nginx, Apache, Sphinx, HTML/CSS, jQuery, D3.js, Git, MySQL, Unix, configuring servers fordeploymentMinor experience with: Python, PHP, Three.js￼￼￼