Price Russell Software DeveloperBaltimore, MD - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Price-Russell/eb629350ce287b05 To be employed by a medium or large company working as a computer professional.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperOptimus EMR - February 2011 to October 2013In Feb. 2011, Optimus EMR bought Compudata Health Corporation out of bankruptcy)• Create and maintain Crystal Reports• Maintain forms that utilize Oracle 8i databases as a data source for Compudata's Windows based long term care software. These forms are used for MDS entry, physician's order entry and care plan entry.• Maintain reports using Report Builder for projects such as physician order reports, and care planning reports. • Provide support for the development of procedures and triggers using PL/SQL.• Strong understanding and experience with oracle database development tools including SQL, PL/SQL, Designer 2000, and Developer 2000.• Working knowledge of relational database design and development.• Familiarity with some modeling notation.• Provide support for nurses who use the system.Programmer AnalystCompudata Health Corporation - January 1998 to February 2011Create forms that utilize Oracle 8i databases as a data source for Compudata's Windows based long term care software. These forms are used for MDS entry, physician's order entry and care plan entry.• Design and build reports using Report Builder for projects such as physician order reports, and care planning reports.• Provide support for the development of procedures and triggers using PL/SQL.• Strong understanding and experience with oracle database development tools including SQL, PL/SQL, Designer 2000, and Developer 2000.• Working knowledge of relational database design and development.• Familiarity with some modeling notation.• Provide support for nurses who use the system.• Modify programs using RPG II for Compudata's Census and Billing portion of their long term care software.Data Processing Programmer AnalystDepartment of Health and Mental Hygiene - September 1997 to January 1998Wrote and modified programs in RPG II and procedures in OCL on an IBM AS400 Advanced System 36 Computer.EDUCATIONB.S. in Computer ScienceTowson University January 1995 to May 2000￼Certificate in Computer Programming and OperationComputer Tech Institute May 1986 to June 1987