Quincy SinetteNetwork Administrator - Verve Innovations LLC. D.B.A Verve LogisticsKeller, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Quincy-Sinette/1d7a9b8838714330Highly motivated Network specialist seeking a fulfilling position to increase vitality and execute core business statement.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorVerve Innovations LLC. D.B.A Verve Logistics - October 2013 to PresentSupports/configures the network LAN infrastructure and computer systems for a small to midsized business. A strong knowledge of data networking protocols including the TCP/IP, OSI model, OSPF/EIGRP, BGP, MPLS, and other protocols to resolve connection issues. Implementations of network configurations and testing theory with VOIP. Initiates and oversees complex service restoration processes to expedite problem resolution; monitors process and resolves any matter. Migration and installs of software on Windows XP and Windows 7 systems.. Monitor and resolve printer issues.Flight Service Specialist/Information Systems DepartmentLockheed Martin - September 2007 to November 2013Configurations of inter-exchanged flight plan information into the FAA National Airspace System while conducting flight briefings with pilots on a Microsoft Windows platform implemented Lockheed Martin flight winds applications. Trouble shooting of applications of many security features initiated by IT Program Managers. Uses excellent communication with private vendors. Active listening and applying critical thinking to fluid situations that escalated when non-standard conditions arise.Tower/Radar ControllerFAA - Fort Worth, TX - September 2003 to August 2007Providing positive control to maintain separation of aircraft and safe orderly flow of air traffic. Worked in compliance numerous Federal Aviation Rules (FARs) and FAA Handbook 7110.65. Rapid problem solving abilitiesEDUCATIONInformation Systems in ScienceCentral Texas College - Killeen, TX 2007 to 2015SKILLSNetworking, Communications,ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:Microsoft Office HTML 4.1/5.0 Basics￼Intro to LINUXKnowledge of CISCO systems Strong Knowledge of iOS Devices