Richard Czechowski Jr. Software DeveloperSan Jose, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Richard-Czechowski/45f8878cd933b218I'm a javascript developer. I love frameworks such as Angular, Node and Jquery. I've developed websites, apps and chrome extensions. I'm seeking to constantly grow and learn.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperAgile Labs - Fremont, CA - October 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesI'm currently developing custom Angular and Javascript software. Most recently, I've just wrapped MVP on a chrome extension for which I wrote custom task management software. It injects a task management interface into gmail. In addition to which, I built a node RESTful api and setup a database in PostgreSQL to store the tasks/projects. I work 80-90% of my work is javascript/angular. The rest being HTML/CSS.I also write daily reports on progress to the founders and PM.AccomplishmentsWrote entire angular app/chrome extension as sole developer. Worked closely with designer to realize his aesthetic visions, including several significant redesigns.Created a fast and robust task management suite within gmail without compromising gmail's existing features. Worked daily to find the simplest and cleanest ways to integrate features and minimize bugs.Skills UsedExtensive use/knowledge of Javascript and Angular, HTML5 and CSS3.Heavily integrated app with APIs such as Google Contacts/Oauth.Integrated AWS.Created a robust RESTful api using node and postgreSQL.Created a chrome extension with app-like functionality.Constant communication with superiors.Was not afraid to consult with other developers if I found a particular problem troublesome.Jr. Software DeveloperDaily Steak - March 2014 to November 2014I worked in a fast paced startup environment on a team of eight people. I worked on javascript, angular, html and css.-Designed "full-story-view" using angularJS-Wrote custom mobile workaround for Bootstrap-style dialog windows -Tracked and fixed numerous bugs.Research AssistantUC Riverside - June 2012 to December 2012researched and developed epistemology textbook with 4 graduate students by reading textbooks and papers for content, listing relevant concepts that should beincluded in the book, as well as criticizing and proofing drafts￼EDUCATIONB.S. in Computer ScienceCity University of Seattle 2013 to 2015B.a. in philosophyUniversity of California riverside 2012SKILLSWeb Development- JavaScript (angularJS, jQuery, Node, express), Bootstrap, web Components, HTMLl5, and CSS3 Misc Technologies- MongoDB, parse, APIs, rails, analytics (Google analytics and Mixpanel), phoneGap, Steroids, Yeoman, CoffeeScript, postgreSQl, GitLINKShttp://agilelabs.com/ http://stackoverflow.com/users/4154463/richard-czechowski https://github.com/RichardCzechowski￼￼￼