Robert GaylikA disable marine veteran with active “Secret” security clearance, looking for Information Technology Job 70,000 to 80,000 per yearManassas, VA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Robert-Gaylik/89e669d027e37b7bA disable marine veteran with active “Secret” security clearance looking to obtain a position with a government agency or private sector to utilize my strong background in troubleshooting, training, effective communication skills, network security and a complete knowledge of network management and help desk management to help improve daily operations.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork administratorCalvert Foundation - Bethesda, MD - February 2014 to Present• Provides hands-on troubleshooting of production systems including networking LAN, email, and domain services.• Maintains Active Directory users, computers, and domain security.• Develop Information Technology Strategy• Information Technology project management• Upgrade all network infrastructure• Maintains Exchange, Domain Controller, Domain Name Sever (DNS)• Maintains and host companies website using AWS• Support and Maintain copy backup using Symantec Backup Exec• Maintains end-users support with emphasis on desktop applications including office suite, Microsoft SQL, Microsoft Solomon, FRX, and remote connectivity including terminal services connections.• Maintains inventory, shipping, and customer information databases.• Develop and maintains helpdesk portal on SharePoint 2013.• Maintains And Trouble shout SharePoint Foundation• Deploy and image desktop using sysprep.• Maintains patch management for workstation and servers.• Maintains Antivirus management systems• Develop and maintains http://diasporaalliance.org/ and www.maps.diasporaalliance.orgNetwork Engineer Manager and Helpdesk ManagerUnited States Marine Corps - Williamsburg, VA - August 2012 to February 2014Implement network solutions, including systems, swtiches, and servers.• Using OSD to configure systems, putting them on the unclassified network.• Creating and hardening Windows XP and 7 loads for classified networks.• Primary contact for computer hardware and software problems, as well as, network emergencies.• Organization of the unclassified and classified Share Point Web Pages• Provide network support including a combination of hardware, software, power and communications issues. • Maintaining USMC and Navy NMCI Networks.• Provide Active Directory supporting for over 3000 users located around the world.Hardware and Network Specialist- Lead TechnicianTechPlus PC Services - Yorktown, VA - November 2011 to December 2012Implement network solutions, including servers, storage devices, routers, hubs, switches, and printers￼• Troubleshoots and resolves network connectivity and network related hardware/software problems • Evaluate and recommend new hardware and software• Maintain and optimizes network communication hardware and client software• Maintain end-user support using Active Directory.• Respond to connectivity related help desk requests• Maintain backup and recovery operations• Provides technical support for internal users.• Maintain archiving of network data and completes appropriate documentation• Collaborate with technicians and Managers to assess and evaluate educational software and tools to project future needs.Data NcoUnited States Marine Corps - Yorktown, VA - August 2010 to August 2012Deploy and management of data network systems in both a stand-alone and client-server environment, including MS Exchange, Defense Message Systems, and other authorized data network systems.• Maintain network services, including hardware and software.• Evaluate and resolve customer information system problems, and effect required hardware upgrades and repair to maintain mission capability.Computer Field Technician/ Network AssistantParkway West Career & Technology Center - Noblestown, PA - June 2007 to July 2009Serve as a resource for Network Manager Server Support Technician, support partners, or Technology Services staff members with problems relating to daily or routine network or computer usage.• Maintain network management and monitoring with internal and external partners• Evaluates, recommends, implements network software and hardware, and assists in the development of IT strategies and policies.• Advise appropriate staff members of possible causes of the problem and precautions necessary to avoid additional issues.• Handle questions pertaining to software and hardware necessary to facilitate completion of job• Provide on-site service in support of the Network Manager and or Technical Support Specialist, vendors, support partners, and field technicians.• Alert the Technology Services Staff of developing issues and formulate potential fixes.• Be able to articulate and manage issues related to network and or systems problems. This includes but is not limited to district support partners the Network Manager or Tel co/Systems Providers.• Install and maintain network and computer systems including software and hardware. Be able to install and test network infrastructure equipment including switches, routers, and associated cabling.• Read and understand technical instructions pertaining to equipment/software to be installedPrepare systems for installation and attachment to LAN /WAN.• Coordinate with users and Technology Services staff to facilitate timely repairs and or installation.• Advise end users of the necessary changes in operations due to new installations.Determine causes of computer/software/network malfunctions through evaluation and testing and resolve via additions, modifications, repair, or external support assistance.• Evaluate symptoms of malfunctions for possible causes.• Interpret network or system messaging and symptoms systematically.Senior Counter Intelligence AgentsParkway West Career & Technology Center - Pittsburgh, PA - December 2007 to April 2009Teach and coach agents to successfully perform their business area strategies through a balanced leadership approach among customers, employees and shareholders• Ensure all agents are accumulating the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self-development for providing an excellent customer shopping experience• Conduct regular training meetings• Supervise the Geek Squad Precinct, ensuring no customer is ever left un-served or underserved• Perform other duties as assignedEDUCATIONInformation SecurityTexas A&M Engineering Extension Service - College Station, TX October 2011High School Diploma in General EducationMoon Area High School Coraopolis - Coraopolis, PA June 2009Certificate in Information Technology EssentialsParkway West Career & Technology Center Oakdale - Oakdale, PA May 2009Computer Network and SecurityUniversity of Maryland University College Adelphi - Adelphi, MDADDITIONAL INFORMATION Skills:Computer Hardware Installation/Maintenance LAN Local Area NetworkTechnical SupportCustomer ServiceOnline Technical Support TroubleshootingDesktop Technical Support PC-CheckUpgrade PlanningDHCPProduct Support Wireless SystemsDNS Teaching/Training WWANHardware Knowledge Technical Assessments