SAI GSoftware Developer - Freddie MacMcLean, VA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/SAI-G/f77cca4278e332f2• 3 years' experience in development of Web & Enterprise applications using JAVA and J2EE Technologies. • Hands on experience in Java, J2EE, JSF framework, PrimeFaces.• Experience in all stages of Software Development Life cycle.• Hands on experience in Weblogic application server.• Strong interpersonal and communication skills• Capable of working at great pressures and tight deadlines.• Recognized by project managers for excellent problem-solving skills• Can demonstrate detail-oriented and thorough approach to all assignments while adhering to compressed timelines. Complete all assignments on or ahead of schedule.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperFreddie Mac - May 2014 to PresentProject Title: Enterprise Pricing ExecutionRole: Mid-Level Java DeveloperDescription: The Project Enterprise Pricing Execution Initiative is to redesign Freddie Mac's Cash and Guarantor Pricing process through implementation of a new pricing decision rules engine, enhancing existing calculation and rules processing, defining the supporting workflow management system and working with affected stakeholders as part of its corresponding organizational change. The Pricing function is supported on a custom-built technology platform, which is based on their current custom-built Pricing application, PMA (Pricing Management Application). In support of the new pricing strategy, there are appropriate changes to the Selling System as well as operational enhancements to support customers' business processes. Responsibilities:• Designing the User Interface using JSF, Primefaces 4/5.1, JavaScript, CSS, and XML.• Developed the interactive web page using JSF, Ajax, XML, Object oriented JavaScript.• Developed XHTMLs and MBeans to communicate with back end.• Developed EJBs and DAOs to perform the interaction with the DB2 Database.• Performed unit testing using Junit.• Creation of Validate class for client side validations and mapping xml for data mapping• Developed common reusable components of JSF like the Main Menu/ Navigation Panel.• Developing JSF components like backing bean and jsps with faces tag libs.• Developed Entity beans to interface with the DB2 database.Environment: Java JDK1.7, JSF, PrimeFaces, Weblogic Server, Eclipse Fortify, DB2, EJBs, ClearCase, Agile Methodolgy.Project#2:GA Java DeveloperUniversity of Cincinnati - Cincinnati, OH - August 2013 to April 2014￼Description: UCIT is the information technology division of University of Cincinnati. I worked as a Assistant java developer at UCIT. It is the Information Technology wing of University and the department's main responsibilities are to maintain college website, various portals, forums, Networks, mail servers and student e-learning systems. We also address various service requests from academic departments in the university. Responsibilities:• Migration of a java web portal from struts to spring.• Rewrote JSPs to improve the views of the application.• Developed various classes in the spring annotation based framework.• Developed EJBs and Database interface classes with the help of Hibernate. • Ensure efficiency, response time by tuning the queries.• Flexibly worked in shifts to support build and deployments.Project#3:InternCybersoft Technologies - August 2012 to January 2013Project Title: Intrusion Detection in Multitier Web Application using Double GuardEnvironment: Java, JSP, and Servlets, My Eclipse, Oracle 10gDescription: This project is to propose an efficient IDS system called as Double Guard that monitors the network behaviour for multi-layered web applications of user sessions across both front-end web (HTTP) requests and back-end database (SQL) queries. We did extensive research on SQL injection attack and session hijacking attacks and this analysis helped us in creating this Double Guard application for intrusion detection. In Double Guard we have utilized our knowledge of web applications and Network Security courses and implemented the theoretical concepts that were taught in class room. We did this project as part of Bachelor's degree thesis implementation.Project#4:InternAvon Technology - December 2011 to May 2012Project Title: Amazon EC2 for Serving Web ContentLanguages & Tools: PHP, Python, Putty, Puttygen, AWS, Git & Apache Tomcat Server Description:• Dispatching dynamic web content from cloud infrastructure using Amazon EC2.• Hosting complete web application on a server that is hosted on Amazon EC2 Cloud.• Balancing load on server using Elastic Load balancing.• Tested the application for crashes using chaos monkey concept.• Managing the server using Virtual Machines completely and operating remotely.• Hosted our source code on GitHub repository for controlling the versions of source code.EDUCATIONMaster of Engineering in Computer ScienceUniversity Of Cincinnati - Cincinnati, OH April 2014Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science EngineeringG. Narayanamma Institute of Technology & Science 2013ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL SKILLS• Programming: Java, J2EE, SQL, PL/SQL, Shell Scripting• J2EE Technologies: JSF, JSP, JDBC, EJB, HTML, CSS, JavaScript• Web/Application Servers: Apache Tomcat, Oracle Weblogic• Design/IDE/GUI Tools: Eclipse, NetBeans, SQL Developer, Rational Rose, Star UML • Databases: MySQL, Oracle 10g, 11g, DB2(Hands on experience)• Operating Systems: Windows Server 2008, Linux• Version Controlling tools: ClearCase GitHub, SVN• Bug Tracking: BugZilla, HPQC, JIRA