Sameer JaggiWeb Developer - Clovis Auto Mart, Auto Mercado Clovis, Credit Moose, Car Team USAFresno, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sameer-Jaggi/f9bd9160e928ed83• Excellent knowledge of HTML5 and CSS, Java Script and Ajax with good understanding of new features• Understanding of Visual Basic, Access Database, Oracle Database, SQL Server• Good hands on experience of editing and graphics in Adobe Photoshop Suite, Illustrator and Picasa• Conceptualize, design, develop, and implement the look and feel of web pages that are visually pleasing, load quickly, and meet established design standards• Familiarity with the LAMP environment• In- depth concepts of Stored Procedures, Views, Sybase Servers running in a UNIX environment• Through knowledge of Web Servers like Apache Http Server, Apache Tomcat 4.0, Microsoft PHP, WAMP and XAMPP Portable• Experience in working with Relational Databases Management System (RDBMS)• Expert understanding of the PHP and other concepts related to it.• Understanding about working of CMS like WordPress, Joomla and Drupal.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperiMedia Group Corporation - Fresno, CA - November 2014 to PresentResponsibilities• Design, Develop and Maintain WeareiMedia website with Wordpress Content Management System.• Used themes from Theme Forest and updated the themes as per the specifications of the customer.• Used and Updated plugins from the Open Source Market from Wordpress for the website.• Experience in Web Hosting Administration and Management.• Made changes in the plugins, widgets, and themes as per the specifications of the website provided.• Worked on the Search Engine Optimization of the website for the company.• Worked on Google XML Sitemaps and integration with 3 party API’s and websites.• Tested the working of the website on all different screens and browsers and solved compatibility issues. • Created custom layer sliders, multiple graphics, animations, social media integration for the website.• Edited the website to function both in a Parallax and a normal menu bar view for the website.Skills UsedWindows 8, WordPress, Theme Forest, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, CPanel, Google Chrome, FTP, FileZilla, Content Management System, SEO, Google XML Sitemaps.Web DeveloperClovis Auto Mart, Auto Mercado Clovis, Credit Moose, Car Team USA - Fresno, CA - March 2014 to PresentClovis Auto Mart is a company providing used car dealership. Credit Moose, Auto Mercado Clovis and Clovis Auto Mart are different website made for the same company having different branches for their dealership. Responsibilities:• Experienced is installation of Wordpress and different themes and plugins in wordpress.• Used the paid Strata theme for the professional and business oriented look of the website. • Updating all the information creating sliders, buttons, graphics, forms etc for the website.• Used Calculated Field Forms plugin in creating a custom quote form for the website￼• Used the Diargo Lite, Strata etc theme on Wordpress for the professional look of the website.• Experienced with making custom forms getting a quote for the services according to various quantitative features in the forms like data and time order given, date and time order wanted, online sources and journal sources etc.• Tracking the order of the customer based on a random number generated and emailed to the user at the time of placing the order.Environment: Windows 8, MySQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, CPanel, Google Chrome, FTP, FileZilla, Wordpress.Web DeveloperPay-Per Paper - Fresno, CA - March 2014 to PresentPay-Per Paper (http://www.pay-perpaper.com/) is a essay writing start-up company located in Fresno, CA. It provides with services of writing essay, essay questions, literature reviews, formal research papers and speech forms etc for their customers mainly including students with a unique feature of providing a custom quote to the users based upon the date and time wanted, number of online, journal sources required by the user etc. Responsibilities:• Experienced is installation of Wordpress and different themes and plugins in wordpress.• Used the paid Strata theme for the professional and business oriented look of the website.• Updating all the information creating sliders, buttons, graphics, forms etc for the website.• Used Calculated Field Forms plugin in creating a custom quote form for the website• Used the Customizr theme on Wordpress for the professional look of the website.• Experienced with making custom forms getting a quote for the services according to various quantitative features in the forms like data and time order given, date and time order wanted, online sources and journal sources etc.• Tracking the order of the customer based on a random number generated and emailed to the user at the time of placing the order.Environment: Windows 8, MySQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, CPanel, Google Chrome, FTP, FileZilla, Wordpress.Web DeveloperExecutive Inn - Fresno, CA - February 2014 to May 2014Executive Inn (http://www.executiveinnfresno.com/) is a motel branch in Fresno, CA. The website mainly has information about the motel types of rooms and the facilities provided together with its pricing information. Responsibilities:• Experienced with working on CMS data project operated through CPanel.• Developed web pages for the website with related to desired goals on Wordpress CMS.• Updating all the information for the motel and all its details.• Auto fill option to fill persons details from the database as they enter their license numbers and type.• Used the Customizr theme on Wordpress for the professional look of the website.• Applied expert knowledge of PHP MyAdmin skills in linking and extracting data to be displayed on the website. • Created contact ur form page which directly linked to the email of the manager for concerns and issues. Environment: Windows 8, MySQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, CPanel, Google Chrome, FTP, FileZilla, Wordpress.Web Developer / Web DesignerCalifornia State University Foundation - Fresno, CA - August 2013 to May 2014Hect (www.hect.org) is a website of the Home Economics Department and Careers at Fresno State (CSU Fresno). This website mainly helps people in economics careers to be updated on the new materials thatare posted like new forms, webinars and new information or catalogs that are posted on a daily basis on the website.Responsibilities:• Experienced with testing the entire old website on different browsers and notified the Manager about the defects.• Updated the web pages and made significant changes in the code wherever noted.• Updated the old articles to new ones and changed the styling to a better and more creative website.• Executed queries on the database.• Significantly made changes to the website, where files were mainly in Microsoft Sharepoint Designer.• Applied expert knowledge of PHP skills in linking and extracting data to be displayed on the website.• Simultaneously managing several database and integrating it with the website.Environment: Windows XP, MySQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, Microsoft Sharepoint Designer 2007, Google Chrome.Jr. Web DeveloperMow N Edge - Fresno, CA - April 2013 to August 2013Aiptraining (http://www.aiptraining.com/) is an online-based training for pesticide continuing education with developed easy to use classroom interface. Worked on editing the pages in the Front End and Updating the Back End database as per the requirements.Responsibilities:• Experienced with working on CMS data project operated through CPanel.• Developed web pages for the website with related to desired goals.• Updated the DPR database from old to the new existing one.• Auto fill option to fill persons details from the database as they enter their license numbers and type. • Assisted in making changes to the database in CPanel.• Applied expert knowledge of PHP MyAdmin skills in linking and extracting data to be displayed on the website. • Simultaneously managing several database and integrating it with the website.Environment: Windows 8, MySQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, CPanel, Google Chrome, FTP, FileZilla.ProjectMusic Database Website - January 2013 to August 2013Software Used: MySQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHPWebsite with having information about music since 50's (like BillBoard).Responsibilities:• Ensured accuracy of website content by thoroughly editing and cross-checking.• Developed graphic charts with Libchart a PHP Chart Plugin.• Inserting values over 20,000 from Excel Sheet using CSV techniques.• Accountable in adding social networking plug ins for the website.• Created special image slideshows in JavaScript.• Applied expert knowledge of PHP/MySQL with getting data from the database.• Simultaneously managing several databases and integrating it with the website.Environment: Windows 8, MySQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, PHP IIS, PHP Manager, Google ChromeQA Tester (Intern)Agama Solutions - Fremont, CA - January 2013 to April 2013Asset Management was a Mobile Application mainly to enter the assets and keep a record of them. The project was mainly about managing all the assets with calculating the monthly or yearly expenditure and also giving updates to manage these assets with concerns to lower the expenditure rates. It also had notifications to pay monthly bills and work to be performed on particular days with reminder status.Responsibilities:• Analyzed Business Requirements Documents and interacting with Customers, Project Managers, Analysts, Database Administrators and Operations to gain specifications understanding about the project.• Highly Dynamic Environment with Sprint Teams using Agile (Scrum) methodology.• Creating Test Plans, Test Cases, Test Scenarios, Test Reports, Bug Tracking Reports and Defect Management Reports with use cases for mobile testing efforts.• Performed Black Box Testing including GUI, Functional, Regression, Database and Load Testing as per test plans and test case scenarios.Environment: Windows XP, MySQL, TOAD MySQL, HTML, CURL, Java, Google Chrome, Device Anywhere, WSDL, Soap UI, Bugzilla, iPhone, Android, Blackberry, Putty, Blue Fish.ProjectsWeb DevelopmentIMDB Search Engine - July 2012 to August 2012July 12 to Aug 12Software Used: MySQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP• Retrieving information from the IMDB Database provided.Responsibilities:• Single handled project completion effective Web Development skills.• Innovative and dynamic HTML and CSS3 skills used in development.• jQuery(JavaScript) used in designing features of the website.• PHP and PHP MyAdmin concepts used in for linking website with database.Environment: Windows 8, MySQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, PHP IIS, PHP Manager, Google ChromeProjectPortfolio Website - January 2012 to March 2012http://www.sameerjaggi.byethost18.com/Software Used: HTML, CSS, MySQL Database, Wordpress CMS• Website done for school project having personal information.Responsibilities:• Create and execute all front-end development in Wordpress CMS.• Hands on experience with adding widgets, plugins, tools and posts through through Wordpress.• In-depth knowledge on HTML4 and CSS3 successfully applied.• Use of social icon widgets, adding up of pdf and word format resumes.Environment: Windows 8, MySQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, Wordpress CMS, PHP IIS, PHP Manager, Google ChromeProjectNetwork Tracking System - September 2011 to December 2011Software Used: MySQL• Capturing all the Packets entering or leaving a particular network.Responsibilities:• Group project with having particular work on the Back End of the project.• Tracking all the IP Address and integrating with into in the CSV File.• Designing the application with integration of Network related concepts.• Networking concepts of IP, TCP/IP, Client/Server Network, Routers, Switches used. • Leader of the Networking and Database Team in the project.• Expertise use in Sub Queries, Duplicates, SQL Injection in MySQL.Environment: Windows 8, MySQL, Google Chrome, IP, TCP/IP, Routers, Client/Server NetworkProjectOnline Shopping System - September 2010 to December 2010Software Used: MySQL• Website for buying goods online.Responsibilities:• Group project with having leadership in the Back End of the project.• Expert understanding of the MySQL Database.• Strong use of a large number of SQL Queries into making large database. • Good understanding and execution of SQL QueriesEnvironment: Windows 8, MySQL, Google Chrome( Links to the above Websites in the Project section could not be provided as most of them were done for the college projects and two of the rest were done on my local machine. Screenshots will be provided on request. )EDUCATIONBachelors of Science in Computer ScienceCalifornia State University, Fresno - Fresno, CA 2014SKILLSHTML4, HTML5, XHTML, FTP, XML, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, PHP, Curl, Wordpress, Drupal, Joomla, Testing Tools WinRunner, Quick Test Professional, Load Runner, Quality Center. SQL Database Oracle , MS Access, SQL server, MySQL, DB2, SSH Secure Client, Bugzilla, Putty , FileZilla, VMware, AgileWrap, TOAD MySQL, CPanelLINKShttp://hect.org/http://idrivemag.net/ http://www.automercadoclovis.com/ http://www.carteamusa.com/ http://www.centralbiker.com/ http://www.clovisautomart.com/default.aspx http://www.creditmoose.com/ http://www.executiveinnfresno.com/ http://www.idriveauto.com/ http://www.pay-perpaper.com/￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼http://www.termbiz.com/ http://www.weareimedia.com/ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Technical SkillsTesting Tools WinRunner, Quick Test Professional, Load Runner, Quality Center.SQL Database Oracle , MS Access, SQL server, MySQL, DB2Web Technologies HTML4, HTML5, XHTML, FTP, XML, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, PHP, Curl, Wordpress, Drupal, JoomlaOperating System Windows NT/98/2000/XP/VISTA/7/8, UNIX, LINUXOther Tools SSH Secure Client, Bugzilla, Putty , FileZilla, VMware, AgileWrap, TOAD MySQL, CPanelOther Applications Microsoft Office SuiteOther Skills Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Flash, InDesign, Flexbuilder, DreamWeaver￼￼