Samuel VivianSr. Systems and Networking Engineer - Full time - L.S. StarrettAmherst, MA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Samuel-Vivian/f5238232e7d5c37fWORK EXPERIENCESr. Systems and Networking Engineer - Full timeL.S. Starrett - August 2014 to PresentOversee all aspects of datacenter operations for the company, including servers, storage systems, data networking systems, virtual environment, power infrastructure, HVAC, and physical security.• Build, implement, manage and administer Windows 2003/2008/2012 and RHEL 5 servers including Microsoft Active Directory/Exchange environment and Oracle.• Build, implement, manage and administer Dell data switching systems, including design of IP scheme, VLANs, hardware purchase and install, and logical topology for a multinational WAN.• Provided on-site management of datacenter facilities upgrade, including installation of new floor system, rewiring of datacenter, and HVAC improvements.• Manage VMWare 3.x/4.x/5.x virtualized environment, including capacity planning, environment audit, P2V evaluation, migration, administration.• Design, implement, administer IBM Fast-T and Dell EqualLogic storage systems, including LUN provisioning, fibre fabric configuration, tiered storage configuration.Manage systems and networks engineer group, provide mentoring and training as needed. Conduct project planning and project management. Act as technical team lead for the entire IT group, including deskside and helpdesk engineers.Head, IT Infrastructure - Full timeKalinga Institute of Industrial Technology - July 2010 to August 2014Oversee all aspects of datacenter operations for the University, including Windows-based and Linux-based servers, IBM storage systems, power infrastructure, HVAC, and physical security.• Provide information security design and implementation including IPS, policies, monitoring using Cacti and Nagios, log/SIEM, antivirus, technical writing.• Security SME during rollout of web content filter system and wireless network authentication implementation. • Provided on-site management of datacenter facilities upgrade, including installation of new floor system, rewiring of datacenter, and HVAC improvements.• Oversee virtualization project, including capacity planning, environment audit, P2V evaluation, and migration. • Manage server-side engineer group, provide mentoring and training as needed. Conduct project planning and project management.Systems Engineer - Full timeParanet - August 2009 to March 2010Provide system architect services for clients, to include Windows-based, Linux-based, and Unix-based server design and provisioning, network design for Cisco and HP based networks including Cisco Nexus hardware; storage and backup architecture for EMC, EqualLogic, Buffalo, Veritas, Commvault and Microsoft DPM; information security design and implementation including IPS, policies, monitoring using SCOM, Solarwinds and Altiris, log/SIEM, vulnerability monitoring, antivirus; datacenter design and management; technical writing. Support virtual desktop environments, including Citrix/Xenapp. Supported virtual server environment, including VMWare ESX/ESXi and VMWare capacity planner; assisted in preparation for P2V conversion of 600+ server environment.￼Systems Engineer - Consultant4Ocean Systems - May 2009 to June 2009Recruited to provide systems and network support. Duties included supporting hardware including Dell Servers and WatchGuard firewall appliances. Also supported Windows Server 2000 and 2003 operating systems. I was also tasked with performing a security audit of the infrastructure environment, including hardware, operating systems, applications, wired and wireless network, and disaster recovery.Infrastructure Project Engineer - ConsultantBravotech - October 2008 to December 2008Recruited to analyze complex proprietary VoIP telecommunications system for the corrections industry. Duties included analysis of hardware including Dell Blade Servers, operating systems (primarily Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5), software environments including BEA Weblogic, Apache Web server, and Oracle RAC, and various proprietary applications for call processing. I was also tasked with developing and implementing projects using Microsoft Project to improve redundancy and stability of the environment.eCommerce Infrastructure Manager - ConsultantPFS Web - April 2008 to August 2008Led systems team responsible for supporting the eCommerce server environment. Responsible for the support and management of more than 200 IBM servers running Server 2003 including Exchange 2003, to include McAfee antivirus, patch management using WSUS, systems and network monitoring using WhatsUp and Orion Solarwinds, security monitoring using iPrism web proxy, TripWire, also storage including IBM, NetApp, and EqualLogic, data backups using Veritas NetBackup, disaster recovery, and database management. As manager, provided Tier-III support for Cisco PIX, network design, and systems architecture services. In addition to the management role, also provided information security support, including PCI compliance support and policy management, intrusion detection management on Cisco MARS, and vulnerability management using Nessus, NMap, TrustWave and Tenable Security Center. Also managed Sun SPARC/SunOS environment. Key Contributions:• Initiated and led project to implement new storage environment to replace aging IBM SAN.• Member of security committee tasked with reviewing and updating PCI compliance policy sections.Systems/Network Engineer - Consultant4Ocean Systems - October 2007 to April 2008Contractor for Perot Systems. Provided systems engineering support for the Department of Education contract. Held 5c/Interim 6c government security clearance. Assisted during data center migration, as Dept. of Ed moved from their Maryland location to Perot's Plano data center. Also provided Active Directory administration for 10,000+ seat network, including upgrading the entire forest from 2000 mixed to 2003 Native mode, as well as concurrent change to similarly-sized Exchange 2003 schema. Used Dell OpenManage as part of inventory effort.Key Contributions:• Provided on-site support during migration, including due diligence and inventory at Dept. of Ed. Data center. • Served as Subject Matter Expert for Active Directory and Security matters.Systems/Network Engineer and Network Manager - Full timeCredit Solutions - February 2006 to September 2007Started as systems engineer, supporting entire corporate IT environment. Rebuilt entire systems network from the ground up, including server rebuilds on Dell and Intel-based Sun hardware, hardware and software migrations, Macintosh support, storage upgrades for EMC Clariion CX300, data backup using Veritas Backup Exec, system upgrades. Implemented monitoring and management systems including Microsoft SMS and MOM/SCOM, and Dell OpenManage, and provided security technology implementations including Snort IDS,BlueCoat and Barracuda web filtering, ArcMail and Ironmail, Cisco ASA. Supported Microsoft Virtual Server and VMWare ESXi. Supported Debian and Red Hat Linux Servers. Implemented and managed VPN system and RADIUS server. Implemented and managed secure wireless networking, including WPA/WPA2 access points, as well as managing wireless vulnerabilities using Kismet and Wireshark. Managed Blackberry and Goodlink servers, and Microsoft Project server. Supported clustered SQL 2000 implementation, and migrated to MSSQL 2005. Supported Altiris and Sharepoint Portal Server. Supported physical access systems such as System Galaxy and SecureNet. Led project to convert environment to thin-client desktops, using Citrix foundation. Promoted to Network Manager, eventually managing 20 engineers covering systems, networking, telecommunications, and database support.Key Contributions:• Through supporting the IT department, made it possible for the company to achieve million-dollar days, and to grow from 250 employees to over 800 in less than 2 years.Systems Engineer - ConsultantECom PPO - September 2005 to January 2006Systems engineer supporting entire corporate IT environment. Supported ZixMail secure mail transfer system, including implementing TLS encryption. Managed Watchguard Firebox firewall. Implemented and supported internal and external web portal based on Sharepoint Portal Server. Implemented HP blade server installation and migrated server environment to blade servers using HP OpenView. Managed Microsoft WSUS patching system. Supported servers in Virtuozzo virtual environment. Supported Exchange 2000 mail system.Key Contributions:• Achieved Microsoft Certified Technical Specialist certification for Sharepoint Portal 2003.• Implemented internal/external Sharepoint portal installation, allowing external clients better access to their health insurance informationSystems Engineer - ConsultantCOMSYS - June 2005 to August 2005Systems engineer contractor supporting entire legacy Exchange 5.5 environment for Citigroup. Managed 55 legacy mail servers. Assisted in migration from legacy mail environment to new environment, including building servers through Compaq Insight Manager and VNC. Worked with complex change management system to implement patches and software updates.Key Contributions:• Achieved breakthrough in migration discussions, enabling migration to move forward after 2 years of delays. • Served as sole department representative in corporate-wide business continuity exercise.Systems Engineer - ConsultantOAOT - August 2004 to May 2005Systems engineer contractor with IBM supporting Active Directory server environment for Rexel-Summers. Managed 80 Dell PowerEdge servers, including 40 in remote data centers, using Hyena system management tool. Responsible for administration of data backups using Veritas BackupExec. Managed SurfControl webfiltering system. Acted as assistant Citrix Metaframe administrator.Key Contributions:• Implemented system management solution that enabled the end client to save over $60,000/yr in operations costs.Systems Engineer - Full timeConcentra - December 2002 to July 2004Systems engineer supporting corporate headquarters environment. Led migration of corporate IT environment from Novell/IPX network into existing Active Directory implementation. Supported over 400 Compaqworkstations, networking components, and servers for headquarters environment as well as several remote offices using Hyena and VNC. Managed NetAPP NAS device, including snapshot management and data recovery. Supported Lotus Notes mail environment. Managed VoIP system for remote offices. Implemented and managed HP Procurve layer-3 switches. Administrator for 200-server nationwide Citrix Metaframe implementation.Key Contributions:• Migrated corporate headquarters from Novell to Microsoft Active Directory environment. • Implemented and managed standard disk image library and deployment network.Systems Engineer - ConsultantPhase Line - May 2002 to December 2002Systems engineer contractor for Frito Lay, Verizon, EDS, and NH DHHS. Provided Lotus Notes support, M/A/ C support, Server implementation, and Active Directory Migration.Client Support Technician - Full timeEMC - September 1999 to October 2001Supported EMC's software development facility as primary Microsoft engineer. Managed ~200 NT and Windows 2000 workstations and servers running various operating systems. Built and supported Exchange 5.5 mail system. Provided support to software engineers. Also supported over 2000 engineers at the corporate engineering headquarters.Key Contributions:• Led migration of software facility into corporate Active Directory structure. • Built and managed Exchange 5.5 implementation.System Engineer - ConsultantAlkermes and Learningways - January 1999 to August 1999Supported NT4 and Macintosh systems, as well as Compaq servers. Supported laboratory data collection system running in Alpha/VMS. Performed data backups to optical-magnetic media.Key Contributions:• Led migration of laboratory data collection to all-NT4 environment.EDUCATIONMaster of Science in Information AssuranceNorwich University - Northfield, VTBachelor of Arts in Computer ScienceUniversity of Mississippi - Oxford, MSADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCore Competencies: Systems Engineering (Microsoft/Linux); SAN/NAS administration; Datacenter management; Data Integrity/Recovery; Disaster Recovery Planning; Contingency Planning; Research & Development; Regulatory Compliance; Risk Assessment; Business Impact Analysis; Cost Benefits Analysis; Network & Systems Security.* Platforms:**OS:Microsoft Server 2003/2008/2012, UNIX (Solaris), Linux (Red Hat, Debian-based), VMWare 3.x/4.x/5.x, Microsoft Virtual Server.**Hardware: IBM, Dell Poweredge, HP ProLiant, Sun, NetApp FAS/vFiler, EMC DMX/Clariion/Celerra/Centera, EqualLogic, IBM Fast-T, Oracle ZFS, HP ProCurve, Cisco 2000-series/3000-series/6000 Catalyst series/ Nexus, HP tape libraries, Dell Powervault tape libraries, Scalar tape libraries, Virtuozzo.* Networking: TCP/IP, MPLS, BGP, IPSEC, OSPF/EIGRP, VLAN, CIDR, WPA/WPA2, Ethernet, VPN, SSH, SNMP, iSCSI, FCoE, Fibre Channel, SecureID, PGP, PKI, RAS, RADIUS, Kerberos, Novell, ISO/OSI, IPX/ SPX, SNA, SMS/SQL.