Satya LochanNetwork Administrator - Marjam Supply CoHuntington, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Satya-Lochan/5c5e7eaa9f5aed09WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorMarjam Supply Co - Farmingdale, NY - April 2003 to PresentEffectively manage system functionality to ensure efficient operations of the company's 33 locations doing approximately $300 million in business annually. Support 63 servers and 500 plus internal and external end users on a daily basis.• Installations, Configurations and Troubleshooting of Windows (XP, 7, 2003, 2008), DNS, DHCP, Active Directory, Domain Controllers, TCP/IP, Permission Management.• Install and maintain resources in the LAN and WAN environment.• Configure/maintain Internet filtering and security on pc's accessing the internet.• Maintain and apply security and operating system patches and enhancements on servers and pc's • Research networking and application solutions for deployment within the organizationSENIOR ANALYSTGovPX - New York, NY - June 2000 to April 2003New York, New YorkSolely responsible for the efficient operation of the company's 50,000 terminals clientele network during Asia Europe trading hours. Monitor the Market Data lines from various vendors for data integrity,• Troubleshoot and repair LAN problems and monitor the Cisco 1700 series routers.• Maintain the Company's Sector Trading Database and make corrections where necessary.• Install and maintain Red Hat Linux Servers. • Backup VAX and Novell system database. • Troubleshoot and repair workstations.Computer SpecialistBridge Information System - Jersey City, NJ - January 1999 to April 2000Monitored performance of all network equipment and data lines; updated software and patches; served as liaison with vendors, clients and in-house departments to resolve operational issues.• Administer Ethernet and Token Ring networks with 5 VAX's and 40 PC's in Data Center.• Troubleshoot and repair hardware, software, components and programs; test systems and ensure technical compatibilities and minimal downtime.• Monitor data lines from various exchanges and market data vendors for data integrity. • Install Microsoft Windows NT 4.0 Server and Workstation software.• Create User and Group accounts on Windows NT 4.0 Server.• Performed preventative maintenance.Computer SpecialistAutomatic Data Processing - Jersey City, NJ - September 1991 to December 1998Monitored performance of all network equipment and data lines; updated software and patches; served as liaison with vendors, clients and in-house departments to resolve operational issues.• Install and configure Ethernet and Token Ring networks with TCP/IP protocol.￼• Troubleshoot problems on LAN.• Monitor multiple zones AppleTalk network using Beacon and Timbuktu.Field Services EngineerAutomatic Data Processing - New York, NY - November 1986 to September 1991 New York, New YorkUtilized communication skills and interpersonal relations to clarify customer needs, find creative, cost-effective and timely solutions and cultivate loyalty.• Upgraded client systems for optimum performance on variety of platforms.• Performed preventive maintenance, troubleshooting and repair of hardware and software at client site.• Provided follow-up support.EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Computer ScienceNew York Institute of Technology - New York, NY Technical Career Institute - New York, NYADDITIONAL INFORMATION COMPETENCIESHardware and Connectivity• Juniper J-Series Routers •Cisco 2600, 2500 and 1700 Series Routers• Dell and HP/Compaq Servers and Workstation • Dell and HP Switches• Dell, Lexmark and HP Printers • Ethernet CablingSoftware•Microsoft Windows 2008 and 2003 Servers • Microsoft Windows 7 and XP Pro.• Microsoft Office 2007/2003 • Linux • VMware ESXi • VNC and TeamViewer • What's Up Gold Networks/Protocols• LAN/WAN • TCP/IP • WINS • DNS • DHCP• FTP • TFTP • TELNET • ETHERNET