Shane HasbrouckHome Security Field Technician - Endeavor TelecommunicationsHighland, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shane-Hasbrouck/77c9866019990639WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorEndeavor Telecommunications - Hudson, NY - March 2014 to PresentQualifications:- Information Technology Specialist / Telecommunications Technician / Home Security Field Technician- Installation / Configuration / Maintenance / Customer Service and Sales /Technician for next generation Smart-Home technology networks.- Solution Provider for AT&T Digital Life.- Home Security Specialist, installed and serviced Intrusion DetectionSystems.- Sold and serviced technology (Computers, Tablets, Smart Phones andNetworking).- Stayed informed on the latest and most innovative technologies in the market place.- Installed next generation wireless broadband and wired digital homesystems (home automation and security).- Served as a consultant that provides recommendations for other products and services that meet customers' needs for home comfort, convenience, and security.BACKGROUND REQUIREMENTS:- Have technical field experience in completing Network and Securityinstallation/service work.- Possess a valid driver's license, proof of legal ability to work, and will pass a criminal background check and drug screening.- Physically able to climb ladders, work in crawl spaces, and lift over 50 lbs+CORE VALUES:- Proficiency with Network Computers, Smart Phones, and Tablets.- Experience with customer facing sales or service of personaltechnology (Computers, Tablets, Smart Phones, or Networking).- Self-motivated and professionally efficient when unsupervised.- Possess the aptitude to learn new technologies.- Comfortable working with basic tools: drill, screwdrivers, pliers, etc.- Installation and maintenance experience in the following areas:o Alarmo Wired or Wireless Networkso CCTVo HVACo Electricalo Voice and Data WiringSecurity OfficerSummit Security Services, Inc - Poughkeepsie, NY - July 2010 to March 2014Qualifications:- Solid experience in identifying, troubleshooting, and resolving problems￼- Knowledge in monitoring, writing, and remediation tools to ensure a stable environment utilizing facility systems such as:Pelco DX8100 Series Digital Video Recorder CCTV & CamerasSimplex 4100U Fire Alarm & Automatic Dialer Dual Channel Audio System Securitron Facility Access System- Proficiency as a keen analytical thinker with the aptitude to collate and validate data, evaluate the reliability of sources and the relevance ofinformation to operations in securing environments- Managed all documentation within a central document repository, whichincluded the policies hosted on behalf of other departments.- Displayed strong cross-group collaboration skills including directing,educating, & coordinating others- Ensured security controls are identified, evaluated, designed and implemented for all business tasks- Partnered with departments on the socialization of policy and proceduralupdates within the organization- Escalated potential security issues to management in a timely manner and facilitated resolution as appropriate- Strong desire to learn, test, implement new security strategies & protocolsIT Technical SupportEpicor Software Corporation - Newburgh, NY - May 2009 to June 2010Qualifications:- Performed technical and agency program support of IT activities related to network and system design, configuration, maintenance, and security;customer support; business/systems analysis and design which includeddevelopment and administration of transactional, dynamic, and interactivedatabase systems.- Knowledge of the following computer related areas:network, server, storage, and systems management; telecommunications; ITcustomer support and training; computer installation, diagnosis and repair;technical writing; computer security; knowledge management; databaseadministration, design and management; internet/intranet development,design, and maintenance; information technology project management;design and development of information systems and computer applications;computer programming; business/systems analysis; program design; or program testing.- Fulfilled a variety of non-programming IT duties with detailed instructions and guidance provided by higher level IT positions.- Supervised Information Technology Assistants and support staff in clericaltitles.- Carried out any of the duties assigned to Information TechnologySpecialists.- Inspected, repaired, and tested computer networks and related equipment,Replaced parts; ensured quality control measures of computer software and hardware, HelpdeskTelecommunications Field TechnicianTechnical Solutions, LLC - Newburgh, NY - March 2008 to April 2009Qualifications:- Pulled, routed, installed and terminated structured CAT 5/5e/6 and coax cabling infrastructure in commercial/ industrial / residential environments.- Experience in performing punch downs, terminations and connect cables to closets. - Tested cable/troubleshot networking issues- Installed support structures- Customer/client communicated on a regular basis while on the clients site.- Performed tower line and antenna service, Verizon/T-mobile 3G Upgrades, Valere battery installations, T-1 extensions, Power Distribution, CablingProgram Assistant (Spill Prevention & Response Department)New York State Department of Environmental Conservation - New Paltz, NY - December 2007 to March 2008New Paltz, NYJob Title: Program Assistant (Spill Prevention & Response Department)Qualifications:- Responsible for performing a wide range of coordination and organizational support duties, including managing highly sensitive andconfidential information.- Provided a high level of tact and integrity due to the frequency of seniorlevelinternal and external contacts and regular exposure to confidentialdata.- Carried out various administrative, technical and coordinating activities for the effective and efficient management of the office.- Organized and maintained the filing system to include correspondence and other hardcopy and electronic records.- Generated reports, presentations and correspondence using MS Officeapplications.- Executed day to day administrative support for a team of Staff.- Aided in preparing client presentations, reports and facilitated the completion of subsequent paperwork.- Helped provide service support for new and existing clients.- Answered all incoming calls providing friendly and polite customer service.- Assisted with other related clerical duties such as photocopying, faxing,filing and collating.- Performed all data entry and clerical duties as needed.Data Technology SpecialistPartsearch Technologies - Kingston, NY - October 2005 to July 2007Qualifications:- Performed a wide range of information technology related activities in such areas as Information Security, Web Site Administration, Office Automation, and Network Administration.- Help Desk, User Support, and Installation Services.- Initial contact for information technology (IT) users seeking technicalsupport or IT services.- Answered general IT questions and resolved user requests for IT support concerning hardware, software, and agency specific IT programs, and referred cases that required further resolution to either higher level IT staff or consultants.- Resolved user problems by communicating with end users and by translating technical problems from end- users to technical support staff.- Installed hardware, software, and peripherals; ran diagnostic software;utilized mainframe and/or client server software to provide system securityaccess; and accommodated user requests for computer hardware and software.- Emphasized on problem analysis, the provision of direct user support for problem/question resolution, and the installation and configuration ofcomputer hardware or software.- Trained a variety of employees and clients to use software, E-mail,databases, agency specific programs, operating systems, hardware, and peripheral equipment.- Non-supervisory; worked independently in assisting users in the resolution of general IT questions and requests for IT support; managed, tracked, and followed up on IT related calls until problem resolution.- Provided tutoring to users in operating equipment and systems and helped in training others.- Reported to higher level information technology positions.Operations Department SignalmanUnited States Navy - USS Mitscher - Norfolk, VA - May 1996 to October 1997Qualifications:- Exercised visual communication procedures, including international Morsecode, flag identification and signaling; publications, flashing light and semaphore drills and positions, as well as message construction andprocedures.- Performed advanced technical and operational strategies.- Operated voice radios- Specialized in visual communication- Sent/received messages by flashing light, semaphore and flights.- Prepared headings and addresses for out-going messages; processedmessages; encoded and decoded message headings.- Maintained visual signal equipment- Rendered passing honors to ships and boats; and displayed ensigns and personal flags during salutes and colors.- Executed duties of lookouts; stood vigilant watches on ship signal bridges.- Sent and received visual recognition signals; repaired signal flags,pennants and ensigns;- Took bearings, recognized visual navigational aids and served as navigator's assistants.- Conveyed mental analysis and physical dexterity.NY STATE LICENSES & CERTIFICATES: CompTIA A+ CertificationNY State Drivers LicenseSecurity Guard License:Training Date Completed8 Hour Pre-assignment: 02/25/2009 16 Hour On The Job: 03/15/20118 Hour Annual In Service: 03/02/2013 09/10/2012EDUCATIONNetworking & Technical Support Specialist Program in Computer Science / Information TechnologyLowell Business & Technical Institute2011 to 2011Regents DiplomaSaugerties High School 1995ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SUMMARY OF SKILLS:- Trained to install, configure, maintain, and troubleshoot PCs, servers, mobile devices, laptops, printers, operating systems, and related hardware & software.- Accomplished over 900 hours of hands-on experience in the lab and field. - Proficiency in: Microsoft Windows Server 2008/2003 , SQL Server, MS Exchange, Active Directory,Microsoft Office 2013-1998 ( Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Outlook ), Microsoft Windows 8 - 1995 platforms.Some experience in Linux, Mac OS, and HTML.- PBX (Private Branch eXchange) telephone systems- Knowledgeable understanding of computer technology, networking and security, as well as communication skills and professionalism.- Educated in network technologies, installation and configuration, media and topologies, management, and security.- Developed skills in which troubleshooting and tools must be applied to resolve problems.- Studied the necessary competencies of an IT Professional.