Shastinathan SivasubramanianGlendale, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shastinathan-Sivasubramanian/c374a467978a490c* Extensive experience in developing APIs, Web applications and real-time cloud monitoring applications using Python* Experience in creating SOAP and REST based web services and consuming web services for web development.* Hands on experience in developing PL/SQL, Stored Procedure and UNIX Scripting.* Experienced with Batch systems scheduling and processing. Extensively used Python Celery for dynamic task scheduling and Celery Beat for cron-like tasks.* Proficient with client side web technologies HTML, CSS, AJAX, JavaScript, JQuery, HTML5,CSS3* Front-end development experience creating cross-browser, cross-platform and responsive web pages using advanced JavaScript and CSS.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperRackspace Hosting - May 2013 to PresentSoftware DeveloperThe Nielsen Company - Schaumburg, IL - November 2008 to May 2013Project DescriptionThe IDO project generates reports using Answers and Cognos technology based on the market data provided by the market research giant "The Nielsen Company".Solution Environment DescriptionOperating System: Unix/LinuxLanguages: Python, Shell Scripting, Java Script, SQL, Oracle Exadata and C#.net (for BI report development) HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Jquery, Angular.jsSpecial Tools/Software: GraphiteJob responsibilities* Enhancements in client's Retail e-Commerce application area to support increasing customer base and product categories* I am working as a team lead for the development of an intranet application which is used for collecting critical retail product/market data by interfacing with different retail collaboration client's data.* The project is implemented in Python and MySQL.* The project uses REST based web services to collect data from different device interfaces and to present it in the web interface.* Innovative automations for production system monitoring using Nagios* Response to critical Hotline queries.* Data consolidation and monitoring and reporting through Graphite (online monitoring dashboard)* Maintenance and enhancements to SVN source code repositoryUI responsibilities:* Requirement Collection, Analysis and Decision Making, Designer and Developer.* Involved in high level, detailed design and development of various frameworks components like UI Frameworks, Security Authentication and Authorization Service, Error Handling Service.* Designed the User Interface using JavaScript, JQuery, HTML5, CSS3 and AJAX.* Develop screen mock-ups and interface design specifications.￼* Ensured accuracy & integrity of data & applications through analysis, coding, writing clear documentation & problem resolution.* Analyzed & translated functional specifications & change requests into technical specifications.* Translated business needs into end user applications and provide user training to use the tools.* Worked on Database modeling, ETL and creation of analytical processes.* Created jobs for special requirements to deliver feeds, log maintenance etc.* Experience working on large Analysis Services databases.* Developed dashboards, chart box and other reporting solution by using SSRS.* Worked on Documentation of processes, assisting and providing training to other team members.Software EngineerTata Consultancy Services - July 2007 to April 2013 Client: Nielsen Company) July 2007 - April 2013SkillsetProgramming Languages: Python, Unix, Django, Javascript, AngularJS (coffee script), PL/SQLTools & TechnologiesOpenStack, Graphite, Kibana, Nagios, Chef, Jenkins, Ansible, Python Celery, Python Advanced Scheduler, Activemq, Foundation CSSTest Driven Development Pytest, Nosetest, Agile, WaterfallVersion Control GitHub, Serena, PVCSDatabase: Oracle 11g, Oracle Exadata, SQL Server 2012, MongoDB, Cassandra, RedisOperating System: Windows, Linux.Data ModelingErwin Data Modeler 9.2, Logical Modeling, Physical Modeling, Relational Modeling, ER Diagrams, Dimensional Data ModelingDomain Cloud Computing, Retail Management SystemProject SummaryRackspace HostingSan Antonio, Texas May 2013 - Till DateProject Name: Foundations EBITitle: Sr DeveloperSolution EnvironmentPython 2.7, Django 1.5, MySQL, HTML 5, CSS 3, Jquery, Java Script, AJAX, GITJob responsibilities* Developed RESTFul APIs using Python.* Developed Web Applications adhering to MVC framework. Used Java Script, AngularJS and Foundation CSS frameworks.* I have worked with the infrastructure team to implement different scripting assignments using Python in Linux platform.* Used AngularJS $http service in consuming RESTful web services.* Wrote controllers, models and used ng-repeat to render JSON response to DOM.* Involved in customer or product support.* Developed RESTFUL web services to be consumed by the third party website.* Led the Private Cloud Installation and Certification program that runs automated functional test plans to validate that hardware components work as specified by the OpenStack API design, with the below responsibilities* Managed requirements and identification of critical to quality parameters for the certification process* Analysis of the product requirements, system architecture and existing test suites to identify gaps* Designed complex test suites for automated testing to identify the quality of the product, using Python programming language, MySQL and Shell scripting* Development of test suites and design of the test flow. Strictly followed test driven development approach and developed Unit and integration tests using Jasmine, Nosetest, ngMock.* Used XML and JSON for data representation.* Hands on experience with GIT version control* Worked on implementing continuous integration using Jenkins and GIT (get the latest merged code and deploy on periodic cycles)* Training of and Coordination with a 15-member offshore team, being responsible for the quality and timeliness of their deliverables* Strict adherence to design and coding standards keeping the high quality standards of the client in perspective* Documentation of research results and white paper presentations to the Client management team for development in close co-ordination with the Project Manager.ProgrammerThe Nielsen Company - Chennai, Tamil Nadu - July 2007 to November 2008Solution Environment:C#.net, Microsoft Visual Studio 2008, Microsoft SQL Server 2000, SSRS, Cognos,Job responsibilities* Participated actively in the complete project lifecycle, which includes Specification, Design, Implementation, Testing, Release and Maintenance.* Responsible for creating program specifications, coding, unit testing, system testing and implementation activities for assigned projects Involved in developing acceptance test cases with acceptance criteria as per requirements coordinating with Business Analysts* Involved in Analysis and research of existing systems and provided suggestions for enhancement of future releases* Design, Development and Implementation.* Designed the User Interface using JavaScript, JQuery, CSS and AJAX* Interacting with BA to analyze, understand and clarify report requirements* Reviewing and minimizing gaps in the technical specs* Analyzing alternatives and identifying optimal solutions* Tracking defects and change requests to closure* Review peer developers code