Shawn WilliamsWeb Developer - Trinity U.A.M.E. Church IncBrooklyn, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shawn-Williams/84006d90c9a8eb79WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperTrinity U.A.M.E. Church Inc - Newark, NJ - 2014 to PresentDeveloped, maintained and promoted websites. Implemented web software such as traffic analyzers, banner programs and onsite search engines.• Improved coding of CSS and Javascripts to enhance functionality and user experience.• Exercised creative judgment in researching and recruiting promotional affiliates.• Migrated hosting servers with detailed plans including simulating, testing and setting up complex configurationsAsset Management CoordinatorAdil Business Systems - New York, NY - 2011 to 2014Responsible for tracking of all computer hardware, software and networking equipment for the FDNY. • Improved Remedy tracking and database accuracy by 45% by automated most manual procedures.Work Readiness InstructorThe Kintock Group - Newark, NJ - 2007 to 2009Facilitated groups teaching computer hardware and software, adult basic education, work readiness, and job retention skills to incarcerated individuals.• Developed curriculums and guided sessions within a classroom or computer lab settingCustomer ServiceUnited Staffing - Newark, NJ - 2004 to 2006Tier 1 support for Cablevision's Digital TV and Broadband Internet services. • Received awards for highest customer retention rates and call volumes.Training CoordinatorNetview Information Systems - Roswell, GA - 2001 to 2003Drove advances in market share and revitalized stalled business by persistently networking and pursuing forgotten market pockets from lost sales, untapped businesses and prospects overlooked by competition.• Increase sales by 60% by securing Workforce Investment Act certified approval.ISP Support AnalystNetwork Plus - New York, NY - 1999 to 2001Served as tier2 support for Internet connectivity, web hosting, and co-location customers.• Provided post and pre- sales support for technical solutions to small and mid-sized businesses. • Increased departmental sales by 35% cross-selling in house products and services.Unix Systems AdministratorGE Capitol Consulting - Somerset, NJ - 1998 to 2001Worked as contractor providing Unix support for Telcordia Technologies formerly known as BellCORE. • Provided product training to customer service personnel￼Network TechnicianNorthern Telecom - Valhalla, NY - 1997 to 1998Served as site leader supervising a team of 5 contractors for installations at Regional Bell central offices. • Also tracked man-hours, delivery schedules and performed audits of completed workTeam Leader - EE&C Financial ServicesDesktop Support - Newark, NJ - 1994 to 1996Served as team lead to which successfully completed the rollout of over 300 Win95 workstations. • Developed curriculum and provided end user training as we migrated from terminals to PC's.EDUCATIONcertificateArthur McNeil Institute - Rahway, NJ March 2008 to June 2008Diploma in Electronics and Computer TechnologyDeVry UniversityMarch 1995 to February 1997BachelorNYC College of Technology - Brooklyn, NYADDITIONAL INFORMATION Core Competencies:HTML, CSS, Javascript LAMP StackPHP Zend Framework Responsive Web DesignDreaweaver CC, CS6SEO Tools & AnalyticsAdobe Photoshop & Illustrator MySQLWordpress and MVC Platforms Google Web Analytics Marketing & E-Commerce Web Security"Just as you are able to live, breath and function. So should your website, because to the world your website is you.Be professional .look your best."Shawn D. Williams