Shrishti Bahl Software Developer (Contractor)San Francisco, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shrishti-Bahl/8dea20031fcd1c34➢ 8 Years of Experience in developing, testing, debugging, implementing and supporting software applications using Java/J2EE technologies on Windows &LINUX platforms.➢ Experience in developing, deploying, and supporting Java/J2EE enterprise class projects using Eclipse IDE 3.4, Core Java 1.5, Java Swing, JDBC, Servlets 2.4, Java Server Pages 2.0, JSTL 1.2 Enterprise Java Beans 3.0, Java Messaging Service and Database technologies like MY SQL.➢ Proficient in J2EE technologies such as Servlets, JSP, Swing, JDBC, Struts, Hibernate , Spring, EJB, JSF, JMS, Web Services, HTML5, DHTML,CSS, XML, XSLT, DOM/SAX parsers, JavaScript, Ajax, JQuery, JRules. ➢ Experience in J2EE Design Patterns like MVC, Front Controller, and Service Locator Pattern, Session Facade, DAO, Business Delegate, Factory etc➢ Experience in implementing spring framework features like Inversion of Control (IOC) and Aspect Oriented Programming (AOP) and also integration with other technologies like Hibernate, JMS with spring web flow. ➢ Extensive experience working in Spring Framework, Struts framework and Hibernate.➢ Experience with modern web UI development technologies: HTML5, CSS3 and Java Script/JQuery.➢ Hands on expertise in front-end development utilizing Java Script frameworks such as Angular JS, jQuery and Backbone as well as front end technologies HTML5, CSS3, Ajax.➢ Created and deployed secure, reliable, transactional web services using various tools like Oracle Web logic ant tasks, Apache Axis and Spring Web Services.➢ Expertise with developing enterprise web-based application based on Java Script,XML, JQuery and AJAX. ➢ Knowledge of Integrating admin applications using Tivoli Access Manager (TAM)➢ Experience in development methodologies such as Agile and Waterfall. Proficient in UML Concepts and Java/J2EE Design Patterns.➢ Experience with multiple Servers like Sun Glass fish and Apache Tomcat.➢ Well versed and hands on experience in Version control tools like GIT and TFS. ➢ Good working experience using tools like Ant, Maven and JUnit.➢ Has used Actuate Tool for dashboard and reporting.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware Developer (Contractor)GE Software- Healthcare Project - San Ramon, CA - November 2013 to November 2013DescriptionI am working on healthcare project. We are working on project called "Jet Stream". Basically we are trying to integrate all hospital activities in cloud to make it service more efficient and user friendly. Commercially project is also called "Centricity 360".Responsibilities:• Following AgileScrum software methodology for project development.• Updating and tracking issues on Jira.• TDD (Test Driven Development) environment.• Understanding the issue and implementing solution using Coding, testing and documenting process. • Working with HL7, DICOM, CloverLeaf, Predix&BackboneJS framework.• Implementing OSJI Bundle in Apache Karaf server.• Working on Maven Project implementing Spring Inversion Of Control.￼• Using Spring Template JDBC to communicate with SQL Server implementingJPA standard. • Working in RestFulWebservices accessing Window Azure.• Used HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax to make interactive user interface.• Branching and merging of source code management using Perforce.Environment: JDK1.7, Maven 3.1, Apache Karaf, OSGI bundle, Spring JDBC Templete, Spring IOC, Predix, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax , Perforce, SQL Server 2008, Window Azure, Restful web services.Software DeveloperDendreon, WA - August 2012 to November 2013 Launch Consulting)DescriptionThe purpose of this project is to develop an easy-to-use, reportable application to track status of prostate cancer cell while transporting from one plant to another. The application will eliminate the need of manual tracking and reporting of action plan items.Responsibilities:• Developed the web pages Java, HTM5, JavaScript, CSS3, JQuery, JSP, Servlets, Tag libs and J2EE technology framework using Spring 2 (MVC, JDBC), Hibernate, BackboneJS, and Web Services with J2EE design patterns.• Extensively used Eclipse IDE for the development. Apache Log4J for logging purpose.• Developed test cases using JUnit for testing various pieces of functionalities independently• Involved in the Development of Spring Framework Controllers.• AJAX was used to exchange small amounts of data with the server so that the entire web page does not have to be reloaded each time the user requests a change• Worked on Spring application framework features IOC container.• Developed applications using Hibernate persistent framework, developed persistent classes, hibernate- mapping files .hbm.xml file, hibernate query language.• Worked on Hibernate object/relational mapping according to database schema.• Involved in creation of Test Cases for JUnit Testing.• Created and injected Maven services, Maven controllers and DAOs to achieve Dependency injection.• Worked on the integration of struts with Spring Architecture.• Implemented the data layer using ORM framework Hibernate with MySQL Database• Involved in writing SQL queries.• Creating unit test strategy, preparing test environments and test cases.• Monitored the error logs using Log4j and fixed the problems.• The batch framework made heavy use of XML/XSL transforms.• Used Ant scripts to fetch, build and deploy the application to development environment.• Used PL/SQL to write Stored Procedures, Triggers and SQL queries.• Creating JUnit test case design logic and implementation throughout application.Used Spring Framework for Dependency injection and integrated with the Hibernate framework for interacting with the Oracle database. • Providing technical expertise to project team covering application design, database design and performance tuning activities.• Used SOAP to implement web services.• Following Agile software methodology for project development.Environment: JDK1.6, J2EE, JSP, Ajax, JSTL, XML, Hibernate, Maven, XML, PL/SQL, spring, JDBC, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, MYSQL, Apache Tomcat, ANT, Apache Log4J, Subversion, JUnit.Software DeveloperUS Army - May 2011 to August 2012Description:Inventory Management System was designed and developed to deliver real conceivable benefits to office requirements. When someone scan item to receive or issue by using scanner, it updates quantity automatically. Property accounting; Supply chain management tracking is essential elements to inventory management system that provides quality outcomes.HR Module, Appraiser/Reviewer ModuleAppraisal Management System (AMS) - October 2010 to April 2011Oct'10- Apr'11)Description: This application is used for the appraisal system of the company where in all the employees uses this application for the appraisal purposes. Each employee logs in with different roles of appraisee, appraiser, reviewer and SDU Head. The user interacts with the environment corresponding to their roles to do the appraisal purposes.IAppraisal system has 6 modules: HR Module, Appraiser/Reviewer Module, Appraisee Module, Project Module, Compensation Team Module, RMG Module.Separate access pages are given to all the above 6 modules based on the user types i.e. HR, Appraiser/Reviewer, Appraisee, Project, Compensation Team & RMGResponsibilities:• Designed web application using Servlets, JSP, Spring2 (MVC, JDBC) Spring DAO and XML.• HR can view various reports like Eligibility View, Status view, performance band view, appraisal feedback view etc.• Developed crystal reports for Feedback View Report, Eligibility View Report, Status View Report and Performance Band View Report.• Used ORM tools like hibernate to integrate with Spring DAO for database operations.• Spring MVC is used to design the web application according to MVC design pattern.• Implemented Object Oriented Principles and Design Patterns where ever they are required.• Understanding the requirements by interacting with business users and mapping them to design.• Used Hibernate framework to deal with the all database related transactions.• Developed the Maven build scripts for building the EAR file and used Eclipse as an IDE.• Used Apache Log4J logging API to log errors and messages.• Implemented EJB's for Message Driven Bean and Developed Transfer Objects to transfer the data between different tiers.• Client GUI pages were designed using HTML5, JSP, JavaScript.• Used JavaScript for client side validations.• Used multithreading in programming to improve overall performance.• Implemented Transaction processing using multithread.• Developed various helper classes needed following Core Java multi-threaded programming and Collection classes.• Developed both front end user interface screens as well as database design.• Implemented stored procedures using JDBC.• Changes & Enhancements in Applications and Business Analysis• Creating logs for error tracking using Log4J.• Interacts across several departments / groups to provide technical guidance. Also interacts with customer to evaluate technology options/requirements.• Involved in writing SQL, PL/SQL queries and stored procedures.• Involved in complete SDLC - Requirement Analysis, Development, System and Integration Testing.• Developed user interface using JSP, JSP Tag libraries (JSTL) to simplify the complexities of the application. • Developed Servlets which acts as Controller in MVC Architecture.• Developed Test Cases for all the classes in the application using JUnit Framework.• Used Actuate Tool for dashboard and reporting.• Maintained the Source Code using TFS.Environment: CoreJava, JavaBeans, JDBC, Servlets, Tomcat, Eclipse, log4j, Ant, JUnit, Windows, XML, Oracle, Agile methodologies, JDK1.6, J2EE, JSP, JSTL, XML, hibernate, Spring, JDBC REST web services, SOAP, HTML5, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, MySQL, Apache Tomcat, UML, LINIX, JUNIT, Actuate tool.Software DeveloperNGENIX Health Care - Eden Prairie, MN - September 2006 to October 2010Description:Ingenix Patient Billingis a web based application for patients using Ingenix Health Care services. The project includes features using which patients could access their account information, pay their bills online and view their medical history.Responsibilities• The project involved development of modules to implement specifications for the years of employee service in the company and employer contribution amount in the payroll using JAVA.• Involved in the development of both the back end and the front end of the application using Hibernate and Web Services.• Converted the HTML Pages to JSF Tag Specific Pages.• Built mobile applications with zepto.js, backbone.js, css3 and html5• Developed JSPs and managed beans using JSF, JSTL.• Worked as a peer code reviewer to check the design, vulnerability and scalability of the code.• Implemented algorithms in JAVA to calculate employer contribution based on tiered rate and flat rate• Designed and Developed PL/SQL scripts in "Oracle SQL Developer" tool to update various changes to the employee records as per the HR requirements• Implemented design patterns like Singleton and Factory Pattern.• Implemented UI Automation and follow TDD on possible stories using JUnit.• Used Java and Java Web Services for the application development and Oracle as database.• Developed various JUnit test cases with the help of Easy Mock to perform unit testing of the code• Implemented applications using Java, J2EE, JSF, Servlets, JDBC, XML, Struts, Springs and JavaScript on Windows environments.• Used collections and multi-threading in java for better performance.• Writing the PL/SQL procedure according to the rule configurations.• Designing UI screen for Insurance Quote to get User information with JSP, Struts tag library.• Participated in Scrum meeting and Iteration Planning Meetings.Environment: Core Java, J2SE 5.0/J2EE, Servlets, Spring, Hibernate, JSTL, JSP, Java Script, WebLogic, XML, JUnit, AJAX, PL/SQL, MySQL, Windows 2000EDUCATIONMaster of Science in Software EngineeringStratford university 2011Micropower Career Institute 2008ADDITIONAL INFORMATION TECHNICAL SKILLSLanguages: C, C++, Java, XML and SQL.Java/J2EE Technologies: Core Java, Java Swing, JSP 1.2, Servlets 2.4, EJB 3.0, JSTL, Tag Libs, JDBC, JPA. Web/Application Servers: Apache Tomcat, WebLogic, Apache Karaf.Frame Works: Spring, Hibernate 3.0, Struts, AngularJS, BackboneJSIDE/Tools: Eclipse 3.0/3.5 , IntellIJ IDEA 13 and ActuateTesting and Build Tools:: JUnit, ANT and Maven.Databases: SQL Server 2008/2005/2000, MySQL, JDBC, ODBC, MS-Access.Web Services/Messaging: SOAP, Spring Web Services.Source Control: TFS, GITOther Tools: HTML, DHTML, CSS, Ajax and SOAP UI.