Shruti KulkarniSoftware Developer - LumaSense Technologies Inc- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shruti-Kulkarni/99e5d1afd954cd44• With 2 years of programming experience, looking out for a good opportunity to advance my career.• Well-versed in designing/developing and testing (manual and automated) windows and web applications using C#, C#.NET, WPF, ASP.NET, ASP.NET MVC, Java Script, WCF, Web API, Win API, html, html5, MSSQL, SQL Server, T-SQL, SSRS Report Server, MSTest, Selenium Web driver (Firefox driver), TAFX and in client/server and multi-tier architecture.• Experience in designing and developing applications in distributed environments.• Extensive knowledge of the software development life cycle (SDLC) from requirements gathering to programming, testing and maintenance.• Experience of test automation using Test Automation Framework (TAFX) and Selenium Web Driver, NUnit framework and C#.• Proficient in working with various web related technologies including WPF, ASP.NET, Ajax, JavaScript, Themes, Skins, and CSS.• Experience in database design and programming using SQL Server 2005/2008, T-SQL, SQL (Stored Procedures, functions and views).• Used the waterfall, spiral, agile development and extreme programming paradigm software development methodologies.• Expertise in trouble-shooting and problem solving with proven ability to design and develop reliable data driven applications.• Excellent oral and written communication skills.• A skilled problem-solver and an efficient team player.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperLumaSense Technologies Inc - Santa Clara, CA - September 2013 to PresentProject: Application for SubstationsDescription: In this project, our team is working on development of a web application, for sub-stations, which reads streams from thermal imaging cameras, diffused gas analyzers, pyrometers or from custom files and creates SSRS reports and displays charts on ASP.NET MVC UI, fed by a RESTful Web API. The application is a client-server application designed and developed using agile methodology, ASP.NET MVC, .NET framework 4.5, Visual Studio 2013, Web API, C#, SQL Server 2014, ADO.NET Entity FrameworkResponsibilities:• Creation, development and maintenance of structured and well documented code in C# using Visual Studio 2013 and ReSharper.￼• Expand capability of LumsSense's products and develop new applications using C#, ASP.NET MVC, javascript, Web API, Entity Framework & SQL Server 2014.• Design and develop multi-cultural UI using ASP.NET MVC, Javascript, html, html5 and css.• Develop Restful Web API using C#.• Develop a parser to create bitmaps and video (AVI) files from binary stream, received from thermal imaging cameras or custom files.• Develop embedded and server SSRS (SQL Reporting Services) reports.• Deploy the website to Microsoft Azure cloud using IIS 8.0.• Write SQL scripts to create test data.• Write scripts using Powershell and GIT to automate the build process.• Write unit tests using MSTest and automate integration tests using Selenium web driver (Firefox driver), NUnit and C#.• Use Microsoft's Visual Studio Online (Team Foundation Server) for source code sharing.• Test-driven development using Agile methodology.• Involved in complete Software Development Life Cycle.• Perform all facets of design, application development and testing within .NET architecture based on programming guidelines/standards.• Extensively used inheritance, Generics and Object-Oriented concepts for developing the application.Environment: C#, ASP.NET MVC5, RESTful Web API, ADO.NET ENTITY FRAMEWORK 6, Visual Studio 2013, ReSharper, .NET Framework 4.5 , HTML, HTML5, Javascript, JQuery, C#.NET, IIS 8.0 and TFS (VSOL), GIT, SSRS Embedded reports, SSRS server reports, MSTest, Selenium Webdriver (Firefox driver), NUnit, SQL Server 2014, Microsoft Azure Cloud.Project: Application for ReformersDescription: In this project, our team is developed a new product to expand LumaSense's business of sensing solutions. The application reads streams from thermal imaging camera or from custom files and displays temperature on WPF GUI. The application is an N-tier (4 tier) WPF application designed, developed and updated using .NET framework 4.0, Visual Studio 2010, WCF, Windows 8, WPF, PRISM, C#, ADO.NET, SQL Server 2012, LinQ to SQL and ADO.NET Entity FrameworkResponsibilities:• Create, develop and maintain structured and well documented code in C#.• Expand capability of LumaSense's products and develop new applications using WPF, Windows Forms, C#.NET, HTML 5, Javascript, WPF, PRISM & WCF.• Design and implementation of improved analytical and visualization tools for LumaSense's products.• Create several WCF services using C#, ADO.NET ENTITY FRAMEWORK, LINQ to SQL.• Write SQL scripts to create test data.• Write scripts using PowerShell and MS-DOS to automate the build process.• Unit test the applications manually.• Use Microsoft's Visual Studio Online (Team Foundation Server) for source code sharing.• Development using PRISM architecture.• Utilize lambda expressions, LinQ and LinQ to SQL technologies in Presentation and Business Layer for data retrieving, querying, storage and manipulation.• Involved in complete Software Development Life Cycle.• Perform all facets of design, application development and testing within .NET architecture based on programming guidelines/standards.• Extensively use Partial Classes, Nested Classes, Generics and Object-Oriented concepts for developing the application.Environment: WPF, C#, PRISM, WCF, ADO.NET ENTITY FRAMEWORK, Visual Studio 2010, Visual Studio 2012, .NET Framework 4.0, .NET Framework 4.5, SQL Server 2012, C#.NET, IIS 7.0 and TFS (VSOL).Net DeveloperHealth Data Insights - Las Vegas, NV - December 2012 to April 2013Description: In this project, our team developed of a fully functional application to review Medicaid and Medicare claims of zone D. The application helps reviewers to receive and analyze claims. The application is an N-tier (3 tier) WPF application designed, developed and updated using .NET framework 4.0, Visual Studio 2010, Visual Studio 2012, WCF, Windows 7, WPF, C#, ADO.NET, SQL Server 20110, LinQ to SQL and ADO.NET Entity FrameworkResponsibilities:● Develop PL/BL/DAL classes using C#, Entity Framework, LINQ to SQL and SQL Server.● Develop WPF pages and user controls for searching, review and saving claims using WPF, C#.NET, HTML, Telerik controls for WPF, Expression Blend, and WCF.● Develop SQL views and stored procedures for retrieving and saving data in SQL Server database.● Development of 4-tier client server application using MVVM pattern.● Create and update ER diagrams showing relationship between tables in the application and between different applications using Microsoft Visio.● Create several WCF data contracts in the common layer and service contracts in the service layer using C# for communication between client and server applications.● Production support and develop minor enhancements for the application.● Use Microsoft's Visual Source Safe 2005 Server and Visual SVN for source code sharing.● Utilize lambda expressions, LinQ and LinQ to SQL technologies in Business Layer for data retrieving, querying, storage and manipulation.● Involved in complete Software Development Life Cycle.Environment: WPF, C#, Telerik controls for WPF, Expression Blend, WCF, ADO.NET ENTITY FRAMEWORK, T-SQL, LinQ to SQL, Visual Studio 2010, Visual Studio 2012, .NET Framework 4.0, SQL Server 2008, SQL Server 2012, C#.NET, IIS 7.0 and Visual Source Safe 2005, Tortoise (Visual) SVN.Net DeveloperBrown Greer PLC - Richmond, VA - June 2012 to October 2012Description: In this project, our team analyzed designed and developed a fully functional website to handle Deepwater Horizon Economic and Property Damages settlement. The website helps British Petroleum to receive and analyze economic and property damage claims forms from individuals, business, sea food crew and vessel owners. The website is an N-tier (3 tier) web application designed, developed and updated using .NET framework 3.5, Visual Studio 2008, WCF, Windows 7, ASP.NET, C#, ADO.NET, SQL Server 2008, LinQ, LinQ to SQL, JavaScript and IIS 7.0.Responsibilities:• Develop PL/BL classes using C#, ADO.NET and SQL Server 2008.• Develop screens for Document Categorization, Claims (Individual Economic Loss) and Registration using ASP.NET, C#.NET, AJAX, JavaScript, XML, HTML and CSS.• Write client side validations using Java Script.• Create several WCF services using C#, ADO.NET.• Unit tested the application manually.• Use Microsoft's Visual Source Safe 2005 Server for source code sharing.• Development in agile environment.• Update, modify and track changes to Resource files.• Utilize lambda expressions, LinQ and LinQ to SQL technologies in Presentation Layer for data retrieving, querying, storage and manipulation.• Create User Controls, themes and CSS sheets for maintaining custom properties and styles and for handling events on the Web Pages.• Involved in complete Software Development Life Cycle.• Involved in preparation of Detail Design document based on Business Requirements.• Perform all facets of design, application development and testing within .NET architecture based on programming guidelines/standards.• Extensively used Partial Classes, Generics and Object-Oriented concepts for developing the application.Environment: ASP.NET, C#, WCF, ADO.NET, HTML, CSS, AJAX, Visual Studio 2008, .NET Framework 3.5, SQL Server 2008, C#.NET, Java Script, J Query, N Hibernate 1.0, IIS 7.0 and Visual Source Safe 2005.Intern (.Net Developer)Saxon Global Inc - Irving, TX - February 2012 to June 2012Net DeveloperDescription: In this project, our team analyzed, developed and updated the client's website. The website helps the client in marketing, tracking the visitors and maintaining email accounts of employees. The website is an N-tier (3 tier) web application designed, developed and updated using .NET framework4.0, Visual Studio 2010, Windows 7, ASP.NET, C#, ADO.NET, SQL Server 2010, LinQ, LinQ to SQL, LinQ to xml, JavaScript and IIS 7.0.Responsibilities:• Develop PL/DAL classes using C#, ADO.NET and SQL Server 2010.• Develop screens using ASP.NET, C#.NET, XML, HTML and CSS.• Create several web services (.asmx) for maintaining user (employee) accounts using C#.• Create generic, secure and reusable data access components using ADO.NET objects such as Dataset and Data Reader.• Unit tested the application manually.• Use Microsoft's Visual Source Safe 2005 Server for source code sharing.• Involved in complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).• Development using waterfall methodology.• Utilize lambda expressions, LinQ, LinQ to xml and LinQ to SQL technologies in Presentation Layer for data retrieving, querying, storage and manipulation.• Create User Controls, themes and CSS sheets for maintaining custom properties and styles and for handling events on the Web Pages.• Involved in preparation of Detail Design document based on Business Requirements.• Perform all facets of design, application development and testing within .NET architecture based on programming guidelines/standards.• Extensively used Partial Classes, Generics, Interfaces and Object-Oriented concepts for developing the application.Environment: ASP.NET, C#, ADO.NET, HTML, Visual Studio 2008, .NET Framework 4.0, SQL Server 2010, C#.NET, Java Script, JQuery, IIS 7.0, T-SQL, and XML.Research AssistantCalifornia State University, Northridge - Sunnyvale, CA - August 2010 to May 2011Responsibilities• Interacted with Business users to understand the business flow and gather their business requirements.• Involved in the preparation of Detail Design document based on business requirements.• Involved in complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).• Write equations to find energy and electron density of the crystal lattice based on its structure.• Write programs in C++ to find energies and electron densities of square, triangular and hexagonal lattices. • Perform all facets of design, application development and testing within .NET architecture based on programming guidelines.• Extensively used Classes, structures and Object-Oriented concepts for developing the application.• Unit test the VC++ programs using Visual Studio 2010 and Microsoft Excel.AccomplishmentsDescription: In this project, I had to study the crystal structure of square (theoretical), hexagonal (graphene) and triagonal (graphene) lattices and write a program in C++ which calculates the energy and electron density of the crystal from the shape and the number of atoms in the crystal lattice. The output could be observed in the excel file or jpg file in the form of a graph or a histogram and the values of energy and electron density at each lattice point were saved in a table in an excel file.Skills Used C++, MS ExcelEDUCATIONM.S. in PhysicsCalifornia State University December 2011M.Sc. in Physics/ElectronicsUniversity of Mumbai - Mumbai, Maharashtra July 2008B.Sc. in PhysicsUniversity of Mumbai - Mumbai, Maharashtra 2006SKILLSC#, ASP.NET, ASP.NET MVC, WPF, SQL Server, Selenium Web Driver, SSRS Reporting Service, MVVM, PRISMLINKS https://github.com/shruti529/ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SKILLSTechnology Areas .Net Technologies (C#.net)￼Languages Embedded C, C, C++, C#, Java, PROLOG,PIC, VHDL (FPGA and CPLD), Assembly language of PIC(Peripheral Interface Controller ), 8085, 8086 and 8051 (Atmel) Microcontroller, T-SQLOperating Systems Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows NT 4.0/ 2000/XP, Windows 95/98 and MS-DOSTools Microsoft Office Suite 2010, Selenium Web Driver