Shweta Kulkarni Computer engineer - EAD CardSan Jose, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shweta-Kulkarni/f854cdfa68d77699Looking for full-time opportunities starting March in front-end development, and application development.WORK EXPERIENCEComputer engineerEAD CardComputer engineer with 2 years' experience in producing quality code and collaborating with global development groups. Authorized to work in United States (EAD Card). Currently working as a software development Intern at Finovera and as a grader for Big Data and Analytics.InternFinovera - Milpitas, CA - January 2014 to March 2015Worked on Business Intelligence and Reporting tool named BIRT. Building a web application using JavaScript and HTML5, JSP in the front end and writing services to pull the data from the database.Senior Software EngineerNTT DATA Global Delivery Services Ltd - October 2010 to April 2012Designed and developed several C/C++ based back-end enhancements on the patient report generator of PCViewer (an application used by client McKesson Corporation).Worked on sustenance of PostScript based front-end system and Oracle 9i/10g database of PCViewer.Worked on C/C++ based back-end sustenance of patient administration system of PCViewer.Responsible for C/C++ based post-production support of applications: EDTB (Emergency Dept. Tracking Board) and Care Organizer for McKesson Corporation.As a CTL (Configuration Team Lead), responsible for quarterly project closure report using project metrics which analyzed team performance in terms of resource utilization, number of issues closed etc.Responsible for issue impact analysis and developing unit test plans.Initiated and completed few projects which helped newcomers to understand the product in easier way.Projects• Bidding SystemDeveloped an application for auction based sale of items using java.• Recycling MachineDesigned and developed java based application which implements recycle machine management, checkout and related use-cases.￼Application implemented using design patterns such as MVC and observable/observer. 1/2• VolscoutA web-application for volunteers/scouts of a non-profit organization, Asha for education, to audit projects.Project implemented using Laravel framework and based on agile methodology.Played key roles like product owner and team member (database designer).Delivered on key requirement of developing system for assignment and communication between supervisors and volunteers. The project is currently being deployed at client site.• World ClockSimulation of Apple's World Clock App.Developed a responsive app which works exactly like the iPhone/iPad's world clock app. All the functionalities were initially implemented using native JavaScript and jQuery and later moved the code to Ember.js to understand the framework completely.https://github.com/shwetakirtesh/WorldClock.git• ExploreBuilt a responsive mobile/web travel app which helps first time visitors to USA explore the most popular destinations in USA. This is built using ember.js framework using MVC architecture. With php scripts in the backend, data was stored and fetched.Used Google Map API's for the maps.• Document Classification on TwitterAnalyzed the performance of Weka and Hadoop with varying sizes of data input. We used twitter data and hence classified the tweets into several categories like Sports, Politics, Entertainment andTechnology. This project was done on 1 GB of data using Naive Bayes algorithm.EDUCATIONMS in Computer EngineeringSanta Clara University March 2015MBASymbiosis International University 2010Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science and EngineeringVisveswaraiah Technological University 2008LINKS http://www.linkedin.com/pub/shweta-dk/14/32a/8bb￼ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkillsLanguages: C, Java, C++, SQL, UML, php, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript.APIs: Swing, Google Maps.Other: Object Oriented Programming, MFC, MVC architecture, Agile, Understanding of Web Technologies like Laravel, Ember.js, JQuery, REST, Ajax etc.Operating systems: Windows, Linux.2/2