Siddharth Singh Software Developer - GCOM Software IncAlbany, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Siddharth-Singh/b80acae543c210c4WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperGCOM Software Inc - Albany, NY - January 2014 to Present Project: Integrated Workforce Registration System (IWRS):• Integrated Registration System is a system used by NY State which will ensure that jobseekersare directed to the proper services even as the services and requirements change over time.• Integrated Workforce System includes robust set of Administrative capabilities that allow for the configuration of data entry questions, and results derived from the answers.Responsibilities:• Worked on designing the Secure Message and Question Administration module• Designing registration module and adding customization for the registration used by the jobseeker while entering personal details.• Worked on the customization of Workflow Integration Profile Page for the jobseekers and modifying question requirements from Admin perspective.• Worked on drools rule engine which is used during registration of the jobseeker.• It includes using technologies such as Java, PrimeFaces, EJB, and Oracle DB.Project: Delivery System Reform Incentive Payment (DSRIP) - Current:• DSRIP's purpose is to essentially restructure the health care delivery system by reinvesting in the Medicaid program, with the goal of reducing hospitable use.Responsibilities:• Designing the navigation of application forms for the user for the Organization and Network Module.• Designing the entire layered structure for the Network module using JSF2, Java, Oracle DB and JPA.Research Scientist InternXerox Corporation - Webster, NY - March 2013 to May 2013INTERNSHIP PROJECTS:Dynamic Personalized Structure Pattern:• Designing and updating Personalized Structure with Digital Finishing (PSDF) using C++ and Ruby on Rails. • Deploying the Web Application on Linux and Fedora as Virtual Machine on the Cloud.EDUCATIONMS in Computer ScienceRochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY December 2013￼ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Technical Proficiencies:• Languages: Java, C++, VB, Primefaces, Ajax, HTML.• Databases: Oracle10g, SQL Server 2012.• Operating System: Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, Android.• Development Software: Maven, Eclipse, Jenkins, SVN, ClearCase, Android SDK.