Sidney OwallahWeb Developer - Michael Burns & AssociatesDallas, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sidney-Owallah/02ec2ee4e3340421I am a Front-End Web Developer with over 6 years of experience in both Web Development and Design. Able to work in a fast paced work environment and manage multiple tasks in order to meet pressing deadlines. On top of the latest web technologies and design trends. Works will in a team environment or independently. Ability to troubleshoot issues, learn new on the job skills and share knowledge with others. I am proficient in HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, Adobe Suite, and various end user programs. I possess excellent management and communication skills, and love working in a team environment..WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperMichael Burns & Associates - 2012 to PresentCollaborate with Business Managers and Art Director to come up with the most effective way to design and execute projects.Worked in a team involved in developing UI, layout and front-end programming for desktop and mobile designs that matched client requirements.Responsible for developing all the UI pages using HTML, DHTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax.Utilized various JavaScript and jQuery libraries, AJAX to enhance user experience Used CSS3 media queries in order to make web pages responsive.Implement SEO throughout client websites and monitor Google Analytic for best ROI. Responsible of making web pages cross browser compatible.Responsible for the design, and launch for more than 10 monthly email blasts.Trained staff writers to use content management system and follow best web practices. Wrote users' guide.Managing DirectorJahazi Media - 2008 to 2012Working with clients to ensure projects are completed on time and within budget.Create graphical, video and internet promotional material for businesses and organizations.Responsible for all stages of the website development. From the initial design, architecture, development, and final deployment to management of websites.Analyze marketing and traffic data and work with clients to ensure optimal experience for end users.FreelanceFreelance - Dallas, TX - 2006 to 2012Web and graphic design work for various clients including: wedding & baby announcements, bridal & baby shower invitations, fliers, blog headers, and programs. Video and photography work for weddings and corporate events.￼EDUCATIONElectrical EngineeringUniversity of Dallas at TexasSKILLSHTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, SASS, PHP, Python,Javascript, Angular,Jquery, AJAX, GIT, Django, Selenium, TDD, Wordpress.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONHTML/HTML5 CSS/CSS3 SASSPHP Javascript Jquery AngularAJAXLinuxPythonDjangoSeleniumTDDWordpressGit Version Control