Sowmya TiramdasuSoftware Developer (Full Time) - GeoCue Group IncMadison, AL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sowmya-Tiramdasu/ab04ac3de053a108➢ 7+ years of experience in analysis, design, development and testing of software applications/products.➢ 2+ years of recent experience in C#, C++, COM, .NET, Amazon Web Services, Dynamo DB, Web API,ASP.NET, REST, LINQ, Task Parallel Library, Angular.js.➢ Experience with developing and maintaining applications written for Amazon Cloud, Amazon Simple Storage Service, Amazon EC2 Instances, Amazon Dynamo DB, Amazon Simple Queue Service, Amazon Identity and Access Management.➢ 5+ years of experience in Java, C++, VB.NET, Python, Business Process Management (BPM) and Oracle Database.➢ Strong Knowledge on C#, Visual Studio 2013/2012/2010/2008 , Oracle , MS SQL and SQL server 2005/2008, SharePoint.➢ Project implementation experience on RAD and Eclipse using Java, JSP, AJAX, Web services.➢ Extensive web designing with Drupal 6 and 7.➢ Highly proficient at internet technologies like PHP, HTML, XML, JSON, CSS and JavaScript.➢ Strong Knowledge on Non SQL databases like Amazon's Dynamo DB and SQL programming (Stored procedures, Triggers and Views).➢ Experience in Object Oriented Programming.➢ Extensive experience in Database analysis, design and normalization.➢ Experience in writing automated tests.➢ Experience in Change Management and Release Management.➢ A self-motivated, responsible and reliable team player with a set of strong technical skills. Excellent analytical, interpersonal and communication skills.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware Developer (Full Time)GeoCue Group Inc - Madison, AL - April 2012 to PresentProject: LP360 Core, LIDAR Server, LAS Project Publisher, AirGon PublisherResponsibilities:➢ Developed the License web service to automate the process of checking out Viewer License and Evaluation License of LP360 using the License Administrator client for LP360.￼➢ Enhanced Lidar Server to be deployable on IIS and use Http request/ responses.➢ Integrated LIDAR Server with Map Server to process both Lidar (.las files) data and Image date and to generate a consolidated output with different layers that can be viewed using desktop map viewers.➢ Developed a new product, LAS Project Publisher using ARCGIS technologies to collect LIDAR data from the user, process it using LP360 and upload it to their ArcGIS online account so that other members of the organization can view it.➢ Developed a cloud based solution for AIRGON. I was completely responsible for developing a RESTful web API using C# .NET MVC framework which is hosted on Amazon web services. It acts as an API to the underlying Dynamo DB also hosted on the Amazon Cloud. I developed a windows desktop application to interact with this WebApi and the Amazon Simple Storage to transfer project related files to the cloud. I was also involved in the development of a webserver which hosts a single sign on web application used to display the results to the user. This SPA web application is used to display all the projects and the data related to the user. This web application uses Angular js.➢ Developed automated tests for Unit tests and Integration tests using C#.Software Used: C++, COM, C#, .NET, Amazon Cloud, Amazon Dynamo DB, Amazon Identity and Access Management, Amazon Simple Storage Service, Amazon Simple Queue Service, Web API, REST protocol, LINQ, TPL , JSON, ARCGIS Server, ARCGIS online, ArcMAp, Angular js.Web Developer (Part Time)RMC Inc - Huntsville, AL - March 2012 to April 2012Project: Building Company WebsiteResponsibilities:➢ Understanding the requirements and the functionality of front-end (user interface) and back-end (core logic) of the website.➢ Re-architecting the existing website and adding new functionality to it.➢ Developing this new website from the scratch using Drupal, a web designing MVC tool.➢ Installing Drupal 7 on Network Solutions (hosting company) server using plesk and virtuozzo tools.➢ Customizing few preexisting Drupal modules to fit in to the website in order to obtain richer look and feel. ➢ Using Drupal themes to easily be able to customize the front end design of the website by a non-IT personal. ➢ www.rmc98.comSoftware Used: Drupal, PHP, HTML, Java Script, Apache, MySQL.Graduate Research Assistant (Full Time)Information Technology and Systems Center - January 2010 to May 2011 Duration: (Jan 2010- May 2011)Project: AIRE/DEMANDResponsibilities:➢ Understanding the requirements and designing the Application and the User Interface.➢ Developing Drupal Modules using PHP, AJAX, HTML and Java Script.➢ Customizing some preexisting Drupal modules to fit in to the application.➢ Understanding NOAA Air Quality Data and developing procedures in C++ to read data from .hdf files. ➢ Using Google Maps to display NOAA Data in different formats. ( KML, Images , Histograms)➢ Using existing Java web services and PostgreSQL Database to interact with the application. Software Used: Drupal, PHP, C++, Ajax, Web services, HTML, Java Script, SVN.Change ManagerInfosys Technologies Ltd - January 2009 to December 2009 Responsibilities:➢ Very Challenging as it requires communicating with clients from various locations.➢ Coordinating with the client and the deployment team efficiently and planning the deployment.➢ Assessing the changes requested and logging the information related to the change request in the deployment plan and approving the change in to the shared environment.➢ Taking feedback from the client on the successful deployment and documenting all the actions performed.Senior Systems Engineer (Full Time)Infosys Technologies Ltd - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh - June 2006 to December 2009 Duration: (June 2006 - December 2009)EDUCATIONMasters of Science in Computer ScienceUniversity of Alabama in Huntsville - Huntsville, AL December 2011Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communications EngineeringJNTU - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh May 2006ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Technical Skills:Programming Languages: C#, C++, JAVA, C, Visual Basic (VB.NET), PHP, Python, BPM, BPEL. Databases: Amazon Dynamo DB, Oracle 10g, PostgreSQL, SQL Server 2005/2008.Web Technologies: Drupal 6/7, JSP, AJAX, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, XML, SOAP. Operating Systems: Windows 2012/NT/XP/7, UNIX.Cloud Computing: Amazon Web Services, Amazon EC2 Instances, Amazon Simple Storage Service, Amazon Simple Queue Service, Amazon Identity and Access Management Service, Amazon Dynamo DB.IDE: Visual Studio 2013/2012/2010/2008, Eclipse, RAD, Aqua logic BPM.Source Control: Team Foundation Service (TFS), CVS, SVN.