Steve WorthamWeb Developer - Compassion International- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Steve-Wortham/bf13dc9ee500cac1WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperCompassion International - February 2014 to PresentOwnerBucketSoft - 2009 to Presentasp.net-mvc, c#, silverlight, wpfBucketSoft is a one-man company so I do it all: programming, design, marketing, seo, etc.I've created a few BucketSoft products and websites. The big two at this point are at http://regexhero.net/ and http://www.silverlightxap.com/Compassion.com - 2013 to 20132013, tfs, css3, javascript, webforms, asp.net-mvcI made a variety of enhancements to Compassion.com related to performance, security, as well as new features.Some of the features included online chat, a componentized checkout process, and a new menu which can be controlled through our CMS.Compassion.com is entirely a web forms project, while some of the sub sites I worked on were MVC. For instance, Iworked on their mobile-friendly Internet Sponsor Letter site which is running ASP.NET MVC 4. That site allows sponsors to write their sponsored children through the site. We used Foundation on that site for our responsive designneeds and ASP.NET Web API on the back-end. Our goal was to make it work flawlessly on everything between adesktop and mobile device while also making it fast to load over slow connections.Every project and enhancement went through a rigorous peer code review. Compassion is very strict about the quality of code that goes out onto Compassion.com. So we look closely at naming, casing, DRY principles, as well as flaws in logic, performance issues, security issues, and overall readability.Web & Software DeveloperTechInsurance - 2007 to 2010asp.net, sql, windows-formsI had become such a valuable member of the team that TechInsurance bought my contract away from IWC.During these 3 years I expanded on the product offerings on the TechInsurance and BusinessInsuranceNow sites,adding support for new industries. I also spent a lot of time optimizing the online application for usability.￼In 2009 we began a massive project of overhauling the websites, database, and agency management system. Thegoal here was to clean up the code, make everything easier to maintain, and perhaps the biggest goal was to consolidate everything into one database.Previously the agency management system and websites each used their own database. There was a lot of overlap and inefficiency with this approach so we designed a new database schema that would work for both systems. We alsoadded a business objects layer which both the websites and the agency management system relied on heavily.And then I also took the opportunity to overhaul the online application, upgrading to ASP.NET 3.5, adding support for databinding to the business objects, implementing auto-save functionality similar to Google Docs and Gmail, addingcontext-specific help, and making various other usability improvements along the way.In the summer of 2010 we finally launched the new rewritten websites, agency management system, business objects, business rules, and all-new database.Web DeveloperIWC - 2004 to 2007asp.net, sql, flash, vb.netWhen I first started here I worked on a variety of very simple sites for various clients, often juggling design & development of 3 or more sites simultaneously.After a couple months I was given the task of readying the ContractEdge software (owned by TechInsurance) whichhad recently been developed in Visual C++ 6 by a team in India. It was essentially complete, I just had to create an installer for it. And I was also tasked with recreating the ContractEdge website to allow online ordering. I designed thedatabase for the site and wrote all of the e-commerce pieces myself in ASP.NET. It was then that my relationship withTechInsurance had begun.Soon after the ContractEdge project I was sent to the TechInsurance office to begin work on a "3 week project." As itturns out, nobody really understood just how much needed to be done. While I was there I created a new site calledBusinessInsuranceNow which had a highly dynamic online application. I also created a question management systemthat was incredibly powerful and helped streamline our efforts.After BusinessInsuranceNow launched, we then turned our attention to the TechInsurance site. I made the TechInsurance site just as dynamic and nice to use by adding conditional questions which when answered a certainway, require that another question is answered. I also created complex "class-determining" logic which will classify the business risks based on answers to the questions in the app.At some point after that, Windows Vista was just coming out and I discovered that ContractEdge would crash in the release candidate. With the added pressure of the Vista release date upon us, we were faced with a decision. I eitherneeded to hunt for the problem in thousands of lines of mostly unfamiliar code, or rebuild the application in .NET. Now Ihad some prior experience with Visual C++ from my OpenGL days, but I was no pro. And on top of that, the code wasvery large and unfamiliar territory for me. I had difficulties making any changes to the software as a result of this. So for these reasons and more I convinced my boss that I could rewrite ContractEdge in VB.NET 2.0 Windows Forms in acouple months. So that's what I did. I completely rewrote the software in 2 months. We held a one month long betaprogram afterwards. And then we launched ContractEdge 3.0. This turned out to be a very successful move. ContractEdge 3.0 has been extremely dependable for us, requiring very little technical support at all.Web Designer / DeveloperCombus Technology - 2001 to 2004asp.net, sql, flashI built websites for many different clients.The first major project was called ChurchMusicNow, a site that sold sheet music online. I built the e-commerce pieces of this site, rewrote it in ASP.NET at one point, and revised and improved the attribute-driven search engine.Early on the web development "department" was experimental and I was it. After a few months we hired two moretalented developers that I had gone to high school with. Still, with such a small team, my responsibilities includedproject management, design, web development, as well as SQL database design and development.While I was there I also built a web traffic tracking system for Combus. This was before the days of Google Analytics. Iended up going through major overhauls of this system, essentially building 4 distinct versions with varying levels of compromise between detailed statistics and performance. I learned a lot about database optimization during thisprocess. I also built our own online helpdesk / to-do-list / time-tracking software affectionately called Helpdesk Master9000. The challenge here was to make something everyone in the office would actually use. So usability was absolutelycritical.Near the last few years of this company's existence we teamed up with a local print shop. We designed websites for several companies that allowed them to customize, preview and order print materials online. Several sites were strictly for ordering business cards. The most involved of which, however, was CiCi's pizza which needed a way to ordercustom menus for their various locations. We chose to use Flash to accomplish this. I did all of the front-end design,Flash, and behind the scenes XML interaction for this project. Another developer did all of the ASP.NET and SQLdevelopment.I've been coding since I was 12 years old. Back then my interests lay mostly in writing computer games and anythinginvolving animation. I was always hungry to learn how to get the most performance out of my programs and make themlook as spectactular as possible. I eventually progressed into OpenGL programming. That's when I started www.gldomain.com and began giving away everything I wrote.web developerCombus Technology - 2001 to 2001And since then I've beenmaking a living as a programmer for small businesses.I've been happy with my career path so far. I feel like I've lucked out by working for such great small companies. However, I realized pretty early on that I wanted to create my own software company some day. For years I felt like Ilacked the experience to do this right. Finally, I founded BucketSoft, LLC in March, 2009 as a means to create and sellsoftware that I see a need for on a daily basis. Regex Hero is one of those products.EDUCATIONRichland Community College 2001 to 2003High School Diploma in computer scienceL.V. Berkner High School 1999 to 2001LINKS http://www.bucketsoft.comADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnical Skills Like: c#, vb.net, silverlight, asp.net-mvc, html, sql, flash, javascript, jquery, performance-tuning Dislike: latency￼