Sumit Kumar Web Developer - WellsFargoCharlotte, NC - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sumit-Kumar/4b3a6671ff95248c• Over 6years of experience in Web Applications Development using HTML 4.01/5, CSS (2/3), XHTML, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, XML and JSON.• Expertise in developing web page and effectively using HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript and JQUERY and also experienced in making web page cross browser compatible.• Extensively worked with Version Control Systems like Perforce, GitHub and SVN (Subversion).• Administered Version Control systems like Perforce, GitHub, Subversion to create daily backups and checkpoint files.• Extensive experience in working over Web Services with SOAP, Apache Axis.• Experience with full software development life-cycle, architecting scalable platforms, object oriented programmingand agile methodologies.• Excellent working knowledge on App server like Websphere 5.0/6.1/8.0, JBoss 4.0, Tomcat 6, 7 in building and deploying applications.• Expertise in checking cross browser compatibility and worked on various browsers such as Safari, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome.• Experience on working with CSS Backgrounds, CSS Layouts, CSS Positioning, CSS Animations, CSS Text, CSS Borders, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes and Pseudo Elements.• Worked on various MVC frameworks like Angular.js and Backbone.js.• Efficient with IA/UX and web usability best practices.• Good interpersonal skills, committed, result oriented, hard working with a quest and zeal to learn new technologies.• Good interaction with developers, managers, and team members to coordinated job tasks and strong commitment to work.• Self-motivated, quick learner, good communication skills, takes independent responsibility to contribute and teamwork skills.• Extensive experience in providing 24/7 on-call support for applications servers.WORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperWellsFargo - Charlotte, NC - January 2013 to PresentResponsibilities:• Involved in Co-ordination with BA group for a better understanding of functional requirements, analyzed, designed, documented and implemented the business requirements.• Responsible for the design of web applications right from the conceptualization stage to its implementation and maintenance.• Worked with designers to create mockups for the client screen according to the provided wireframes.• Responsible for development of Non-Functional Web pages using HTML5 & CSS3 andJQuery.• Developed UI on mobile web platform using JavaScript, HTML, CSS, JavaScript validations and JSON.• Developed AJAX based web based UI framework by utilizing jQuery library.• Used Angular.js to structure Javascript code in an MVC(Model, View, Controller).• Used jstest for testing framework for developed JavaScript.• Used jQuery plug-in to implement features as a lightbox, sliders and other intuitive features.• Worked closely with the UI Designers using flash to create web designs.￼• Developed web presentation layer using front end technologies according to internal standards and guidelines.• Managed the Subversion branching strategy for a few applications by creating Release branches, Development branches thus ensuring the integrity of Trunk.• Worked with Firebug to locate the issue through different browsers.• Responsible for checking cross-browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers• Used Photoshop for image editing and website design.• Worked extensively with the backend team to integrate the HTML code into JSPs.• Developed the custom data grids upon jQuery framework to deliver the business data.• Worked upon the dashboard for the project which contained a variety of charts and drag gable components using jQuery UI Library.Environment: HTML5, XML, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver.Web/UI DeveloperState of Maryland - Baltimore, MD - February 2010 to January 2013Responsibilities:• Worked in a team, Involved in developing the UI, layout and front-end programming (HTML) for web application that matches the business requirements.• Coordination in project activities and ensure that all project phases are followed and documented properly. • Designed the front-end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS.• Extensively involved in design discussions and user experience sessions to provide inputs on the layout and UX.• Used Backbone.js to structure JavaScript code in an MVC(Model, View, Controller).• Developed non-functional HTML, CSS pages from the mock ups and involved in UI review with UI architect and Business Units.• Defined the applications's user interface using HTML through Angular JS.• Developed GUI using JavaScript, HTML/HTML5, DOM, XHTML, AJAX, CSS3 and JQuery in ongoing projects.• Converted the mock-ups into hand-written HTML, CSS (2/3), XHTML, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, XML and JSON.• Improved user experience by designing and creating new web components and features• Involved in complete SDLC - Requirement Analysis, Development, System and Integration Testing.• Worked with Subversion for checkin and checkout unit code.• Handling platform compatibility issues (IE, Firefox, and Safari) on both Windows.• Managed application state using server and client-based State Management options.• Coded Java Script for page functionality and Lightbox plugins using JQuery.Environment:HTML5, HTML, CSS2/3, JavaScript, Angular JS, Tomcat Apache, JQuery, JSP, Oracle, AJAX, SVN.Web DeveloperCisco - San Jose, CA - August 2009 to January 2010Responsibilities:• Managed application state using server and client-based State Management options.• Worked closely with Business Analysts in understanding the technical requirements of each project and prepared the use cases for different functionalities and designs.• Developed the User Interactive web pages in a professional manner by using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS as per bank's standards.• Developed internal and external validation code using JavaScript and JQuery.• Responsible for maintaining current websites that included updating the web pages, uploading new content/ changes etc.• Played a vital role in defining, implementing and enforcing quality practices in the team organization to ensure internal controls, quality and compliance policies and standards.• Created pages in Site Core and validated the HTML code with W3C Validator• Design and development of Web pages using HTML, CSS including Ajax controls and XML.• Implemented AJAX functionality using JQUERY, JSON and XML.• Wrote extensive HTML/ HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript code to build dynamic pages using Eclipse.• Designed new classes and functionalities using various JQuery components for CRM application for customer service.• Developed and designed the various screens and its architecture in accordance to UI Specs.• Maintained and manipulated databases for XML parsing for applications in MYSQL.• Wrote application level code to interact with the backend (Java) code AJAX and JSON.• Handled all aspects of the web application including maintaining, testing, debugging, deploying and printing. Environment:HTML, DOM, DHTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX Controls, Web Services, SQL Server 2008.Jr. UIDeveloperConvergys - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh - June 2008 to July 2009Responsibilities:• Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.• Developed all the UI pages using HTML, XUL, DHTML, XSL/XSLT, XHTML, DOM, CSS, JSON, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax.• Created XHTML Pages with CSS and the Box Model.• Using advanced level of JQUERY, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS and pure CSS layouts.• Used JQuery core library functions for the logical implementation part at client side for all the applications.• Used JQuery to traverse through a DOM tree and manipulated the nodes in the tree.• Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using JQuery framework.• Used JQuery plug-ins for Drag-and-Drop, Widgets, Menus, User Interface and Forms.• Involved in developing HTML and JavaScript for client side presentation and, data validation on the client side with in the forms.• Developed Date Time Picker using Object Oriented JavaScript extensively.• Designed PDF, Excel and Print previews for all the reports in the application using HTML, JavaScript and SQL Stored Procedure.• Maintain, enhance, and recommend solutions that best suit business and technology needs from UI standpoint.• Debug the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions.• Involved in developing XUL, HTML, and JavaScript for client side presentation and, data validation on the client side with in the forms.• Involved in writing application level code to perform client side validation using JQUERY and JavaScript.• Developed SQL Queries to interact with Oracle database.• Successfully executed all the test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test cycles. Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Dreamweaver, AJAX, JSON, MS Office, PL/SQL and SVN.ADDITIONAL INFORMATION TECHNICAL SKILLSWeb Technologies HTML, HTML5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, JSON, JSP, and XML, EXT JS 4.1. Application Servers IBM WebSphere Application Server 5.0/5.1/6.0/6.1/7.0, Apache Tomcat, JBOSS.O.SUNIX, Linux, OS/390, AS/400, HP-UX (including Service Guard), Solaris (Including Veritas), IBM AIX (V4.3.3 and 5L V5.1, HACMP) and Windows NT/2000/XP.Databases ORACLE 11g/10g/9i/8i, DB2/UDB 9.x/8.x/7.2, SQL Server, MS-Access.IDE Eclipse IDE, Aptana Studio, Dreamweaver, Notepad++.Version Control Tools Rational ClearCase, VSS, WinCVS, RequisiteProand ClearQuest.