Swathi PSoftware Engineer - Siemens PLM SoftwareMilford, OH - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Swathi-P/a897fc1a8aef3ef7• Over 8 years of experience in analysis, design, implementation and testing of Object Oriented Applications in Client/Server environment using Java-J2EE Technologies.• Experience in various web based applications using core Java, J2EE, Web Services, JSP, Servlets, Java Script, EXTJs, GWT, Gulp Js, Node Js, JDBC, HTML, XML, CSS, Java Beans, and JSF etc.• Extensive development experience with open source software's like Hibernate, iBatis, Struts, spring, Maven and JSF.• Involved in all the phases of Software Development Life Cycle including Analysis, Design, Development, Integration and Implementation.• Hands-on experience with industry-standard IDEs like Eclipse and Net Beans• Skilled in creation of use cases, object models, data models, sequence diagrams, function and technical specifications.• Experienced in various frameworks and tools such as Struts Framework and Spring MVC framework.• Experience on Unit and Functional testing and coding with Junit framework.• Experienced in developing database to create its objects like tables, views, functions, triggers, and stored procedures packages using SQL in Oracle, MS SQL Server, and My-SQL.• Extensive experience in programming, deploying, configuring, fine-tuning and administering popular J2EE Application Open source Servers like JBoss, and Apache Tomcat.• Automated builds of jar files and war files, development documentation and training, data import, export and conversions.• Strong background in supporting production environments and meeting customer needs.• Ability to manage scope, and project resources. Mentor and develop technical staff.• Possess good problem analysis skills with ability to follow project standards.• Worked and managed teams in varied work culture environments. Good International exposure, have Worked with clients in USA and India. Have excellent communication and interpersonal skills.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware EngineerSiemens PLM Software - Milford, OH - October 2014 to PresentProject: 1. Team center Active Workspace build system 2. Team center Active Work space ClassificationResponsibilities:Active Work space Classification• Developed software in Java, GWT for Team center Active Workspace product in Classification, Build and framework areas.• Discussed design and implementation approach with Scrum Master, Product Owner, Architect, Ux expert• Participated in Agile/Scrum process• Completed design and implementation tasks on time for each sprint with good quality• Resolved defects in the applications.Active Workspace Build System• Worked replacing maven build with gulp build system to increase the performance.￼• Developed an algorithm for the running GWT, selenium, Mockito test cases from the command line which need to support from the new gulp build system.• Worked on kit generation which needs to be given to the customers by loading all the required files and jars in kits.• Developed a procedure for invoking the all the required dependencies and modules to create the Javadoc and execute the Javadoc calls from the command line.• Worked on yeoman code scaffolding using node.js which is an alternative for the archetype generation for the maven.• Analyzed and developed web server (express, jetty) running from gulp which help auto fresh, reload of CSS. html changesEnvironment: Java, GWT, JavaScript, CSS, gulps, node JS, yeoman (code scaffolding), Node Package Modules (NPM), express, jetty, Bower etcJAVA DeveloperTelenor Global Services, Davae, FL - September 2013 to October 2014Project: 1. PLDM Reporting Tool2. Granite InventoryResponsibilities:• Team Leader for "Granite for Mobile Inventory for configuring Universal Mobile Telecommunications System for 3G (UMTS) & Global System for Mobile Communications 2G (GSM)"• Developed "PLDM Reporting Tool" for Mobile Inventory (MI) End Users which is designed to allow MI (Mobile Inventory) end-users to monitor log files created by all Granite Discovery and CRT Modules. Each Discovery and CRT Module will create one CSV-file for day in same UNIX directory and with the same technical format. • Developed the controller servlet to handle the requests and responses.• Designed and developed JSP pages using Struts framework.• Involved in writing client side validations using Java Script.• Involved in the design of the Referential Data Service module to interface with various databases using JDBC. • Involved in designing test plans, test cases and overall Unit testing of the system.• Prepared documentation and participated in preparing user's manual for the application.• Analyzed the data configurations and saved the time.• Validated and tested the products based on the client requirements.• Supported the entire team to achieve the product work.• Responsible for the design, coding and debugging for the developed tool.• Responsible for the troubleshooting for the designed software.• Integrated software with existing systems• Learned new tool for project like Granite and GWT (Google web Tools).Environment: Java/J2EE, GWT, HTML, JDBC, SQL DeveloperJAVA DeveloperMotorola Mobility Inc - Chicago, IL - May 2012 to August 2013Project: Verizon Digital Media Services (VDMS)Description:• Developed MEDIOS product for IP Video Solutions that enables telecommunications service providers to accelerate IPTV deployments and the delivery of personal media experiences which includes wide range of IP set-tops, advanced video infrastructure solutions and encoding systems, service-assurance platforms, system integration services and content management back-office solutions.• The Motorola flexible, next-generation IPTV solutions allow carriers to streamline operations, reduce the number of truck rolls, cross-sell additional services, provide innovative service bundles, raise their existingsubscriber revenues and increase market share while efficiently delivering high-quality, service-assured IP- based video, voice and data experiences.Responsibilities:• Key player for the production release of the project.• Involved in Object Oriented Design/Object Oriented Analysis with usage of UML Sequence Diagrams and Class Diagrams with Microsoft Visio.• Developed SQL scripts for mapping data and for creating transactional tables.• Wrote the DAO classes for accessing Oracle database.• Created and implemented Oracle stored procedures and triggers.• Resolved technical issues for coding and debugging in JAVA and interacted with customers for critical project details.• Developed the application using Eclipse.• Extensively worked on Spring framework.• Used Hibernate framework to persist the data to the database.• Worked on agile development methodology.• Used JUnit for unit testing of the system and Log4J for logging.• Installed WebLogic Server for handling HTTP Request/Response. The request and response from the client are controlled using Session Tracking in JSP.• Responsible for Requirement analysis and Project documentation• Developed Junit& Functional Test Cases for Bug Fixing for entire project• Developing Client side validations using Spring framework• Learned new technologies for project like Extended JavaScript for User Interface Design.• Reported Daily about the team progress to the Project Manager and Team Lead.Technology: Java/J2EE, JSF, springs, Web Services, Hibernate, Oracle, Extended Java ScriptJava/J2EE DeveloperIntek Systems - Warrendale, PA - February 2011 to April 2012Project: 1. Web based classified advertisement booking system2. Internal Mail ServiceProject Responsibilities:• Involved in Requirements gathering, Requirement analysis, Design, Development, Integration and Deployment.• Connectivity with Databases MySQL, MS SQL server 2000 and Oracle 8i.• Created and maintained data using Oracle database and used JDBC for database connectivity• Involved in writing the database integration code.• Developed the application using Struts and .Net framework. The views are programmed using JSP pages with the struts tag library, Model is the combination of EJB's and Java classes and web implementation controllers are Servlets.• Developed of Parser classes to parse the data received from the Front tier to pass it to back end.• Development of Servlets classes.• Worked with J2EE and core Java classes.• Created quality working J2EE code to design, schedule, and cost to implement use cases.• Development of web-pages.• Development of Applet applications.Environment: Java, J2EE, C#, .Net, JSP, Servlets, SQL 2000, MySQL, Oracle, Apache TomcatJAVA DeveloperJP Morgan Chase, India - January 2009 to January 2011 Project: Banking Desktop DevelopmentResponsibilities:• Developed the web pages using JSP, CSS and HTML• Developed the RTM interface module to map the requirements to the test-case and Test design modules (Generic Tree Navigation control).• Used several J2EE Design Patterns (Session Façade, Aggregate Entity) for the Middle Tier development.• Developed EJBS (Session and Message-Driven Beans) in (RAD) for handling business processing, database access and asynchronous messaging.• Made extensive use of Java Naming and Directory Interface (JNDI) for looking up enterprise beans.• Developed Message-Driven beans in collaboration with Java Messaging Service (JMS).• Also involved in writing JSP/HTML/JavaScript and Servlets to generate dynamic web pages and web content. • Wrote various stored procedures in PL/SQL and JDBC routines to update tables.• Wrote various SQL queries for data retrieval using JDBC.• Involved in building and parsing XML documents using SAX parser.• Exposed business logic as a web service and developed WSDL files for describing these web services.• Extensively used SOAP formatted messages for communication between web services.• Developed the application on IBM WebSphere Application Server.• Developed the plug-in interfaces for the TMS features (TEE, Requirements, Version Control)• Developed Form Beans, which are used to store data when the user submits the HTML form• Coded various Java beans to implement the business logic• Development of GUI using AWT• Involved in creating the tables using SQL and connectivity is done by JDBC• Involved in generating the reports regarding the marks they secured in the online test once they press the submit button in the test using HTML and JSP.• Apache Tomcat is used as an Application Server to Deploy the Application.Environment: Java, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, JavaScript, EditPlus, JDBC, AWT, Windows2000, MySQL, UML, Rational Rose 2000, Apache Tomcat , SQL, PL/SQL, HTML, XMLSoftware EngineerParametric Software Ltd - January 2007 to December 2008Project: 1. Online Bill Payment System 2. Stock Exchange System1. Online Bill Payment System Description:The Portal is being developed to show the live quotes of the scripts traded on the stock exchange. The quotes coming from a content provider are stored and updated in the ORACLE Database periodically. The quotes with pull technology are then refreshed regularly. The additional features include accessing the quotes from mobile phones and installing alert system on the user s system.Project Responsibilities:• Created Portfolio tracker there by user could keep track of his stocks.• Ticker was developed in which the quotes of the high tech scripts could be seen.• Created an arbitrage system whereby the difference in the scrip values listed on Bombay and National stock Exchange could be analyzed.• Working on Weblogic and Creating Enterprise Java Beans to incorporate online stock trading activity once Cyber laws are passed.2. Stock Exchange SystemDescription:The client would manage the bills of its customers. The vendors Electricity provider, telephone, rentals and credit cards would send their bills to this organization electronically. Generated mail would be sent to the customers informing them about their bills being due. The Customer completes the forms indicating amount,percentage of the bill, from which account and when the bills are to be paid. HttpServlets would work on the data provided. The Server would manage the transaction charging monthly fees.Responsibilities:• Program to send automatically generated mails, based on the due dates to the clients was developed. • Logic and code for the registration and validation of the enrolling customer was developed.• Demo indicating how the portal could be used was developed.Environment: Java, Servlets, HTML, JavaScript, EJB, HttpServletsEDUCATIONBachelor's Degree in Information TechnologyJntu,IndiaSKILLS JAVA/J2EEADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTECHNICAL SKILLS:Languages Java, C, C++, Java Script, JQuery, SQLWeb/Distributed J2EE, Java EE 5, Servlets 2.1/2.2,JSP 2.0, EJB 3.0, JDBC 3.0 Technologies XML, JQuery, JSF, STRUTS,Spring MVC, Spring WebFlow, Security Scripting HTML, XHTML, CSSFrame works Struts, J2EE, Hibernate, and spring, .NetRDBMS ORACLE 10g/11g MS-Access, MySQL, SQL-ServerWeb/ApplicationServers Apache Tomcat 5.5/6.0/7.0, JBoss, Gold FishIDE Eclipse, Net Beans, Edit Plus2, Visual StudioGUI AWT, Applets, GWTWeb Design FrontPage, Microsoft VisioMethodologies Agile and WaterfallBuild Tools Maven, GulpOperating Systems Windows NT, Windows XP, Windows7, Windows8