Tapas PatraSoftware Developer - Making Open Source WorkAtlanta, GA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tapas-Patra/e27c8f1f855d7440• Over 8 years 9 months of Software experience in design, development and support of enterprise applications using enterprise Java technologies Servlets, JSP, JDBC with Oracle and MySQL• Experienced on liferay portal development like creating theme, layout, portlet, hook.• Good knowledge on liferay portal with JSR 168/286 specification.• Experience on Jquery as well as Alloy UI(with respect to Liferay) javascript frameworks.• Experience on Alfresco CMS(Content Management System).• Experience on Core Java, JSP, Servlets, JDBC, XML, JAXB, XSLT and Xml Parsers.• Experience on Ajax, Java Script, JSON and GIS data with Google map and Google earth.• Experience on Tomcat 5.x/6.x, Jboss 4.3.1,Web logic 8.1,Geoserver 1.6 Application servers. • Experienced in all phases of software life cycle like analysis, designing, developing, testing, installing, configuring and maintaining applications.• Effective result oriented team player with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. • Good knowledge on SDLC lifecycle.• Knowledge on spring and hibernate.• Worked on L2 and L3 support.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperMaking Open Source Work - October 2014 to Present Project: Liferay Migration from 6.0 to 6.2Description:In liferay migration I was involved in couple of applications as I developed in 6.0 environment like people tools, way of sales, bdw global, winning in ihg, learning at ihg etc and some new application like food and Bevarage portal & china outbound.Tapas Ranjan Patra e-mail: ranjan.tapas.patra@gmail.com (Liferay/Java/J2ee Developer) Mob: 678-900-3595Responsibilities:• Code migrations like portlet, theme, hook• Defect fixing• Prod supportEnvironment: Liferay Portal (6.2) Plugin Dev Env, Liferay Tomcat 7.X, Liferay framework, Jquery, Alloy UISenior Consultant in CIGNEX DatamaticsMaking Open Source Work - Bangalore, Karnataka - November 2012 to PresentWorked as a Senior Consultant in CIGNEX Datamatics (Making Open Source Work) Bangalore, India from March 2010 to November 2012.• Worked as a senior software engineer in Integra Micro Software Services pvt ltd Bangalore from￼October 2007 to March 2010.• Worked as a software developer in Cginetvorks pvt ltd Bangalore from June 2006 to October 2007.WORK EXPERIENCE:Software DeveloperMaking Open Source Work - June 2014 to October 2014 Project: People toolsDescription:The People Tools are a complete set of HR best practices, tools, documents and online training that you can pick up and use immediately to build a team that consistently delivers the right guest experience for the brand.The modules are as follows with Managed and Franchise type with Different brands(Ex, HI, RS, IN, CP, SB, IC, CW) each 25 languages.1. Hire(Room to have a great start)2. Train (Room to grow)3. My people tools4. Involve(Room to involve and room to grow) 5. Recoginse(Room for you)Responsibilities:• I am involved to understand the business requirement and creating custom portlet as needed.• Coding(Created theme, layout, webcontent structure & template, unit testing, deploying in dev/qa server, defect fixing with respect to priority.Environment: Liferay Portal (6.x) Plugin Dev Env, Liferay Tomcat 6.X, Liferay framework, Jquery, Alloy UISoftware DeveloperMaking Open Source Work - March 2014 to June 2014 Project: Way of SalesDescription:The IHG Way of Sales Solution Selling model is based on the idea that you create successful business relationships by providing customers with solutions that meet their unique needs.This application has modules like goals, team, develop, win, measure and forum.Responsibilities:• I am involved to understand the business requirement and creating custom portlet as needed.• Coding(Created theme, layout, webcontent structure & template, unit testing, deploying in dev/qa server, defect fixing with respect to priority.Environment: Liferay Portal (6.x) Plugin Dev Env, Liferay Tomcat 6.X, Liferay framework, Jquery, Alloy UISoftware DeveloperMaking Open Source Work - December 2013 to February 2014 Tapas Ranjan Patra e-mail: ranjan.tapas.patra@gmail.com(Liferay/Java/J2ee Developer) Mob: 678-900-3595Project: Learning at IHGDescription:This toolkit is designed to help everyone better understand how learning works and how to use learning to close performance gaps and keep our teams & colleagues well informed. Explore each area below and use the tools & resources to develop great learning solutions that fit your situation.This application has various features like the strategy in different regions, toolkit and forum decussions.Responsibilities:• I am involved to understand the business requirement and creating custom portlet as needed.• Coding(Created theme, layout, webcontent structure & template, unit testing, deploying in dev/qa server, defect fixing with respect to priority.Environment: Liferay Portal (6.x) Plugin Dev Env, Liferay Tomcat 6.X, Liferay framework, Jquery, Alloy UIDec 13 - Feb 2014 Client: IHGRole: Software Developer Project: Winning in IHGDescription:This site is for IHG's winning culture program containing all you need to know about winning Culture. Here you will find key materials and tools for you to use to inspire and enable your team to win with focus on delivering and behaving in the right ways.This application has various features like winning videos, winning stories, winning culure and champions key info modules.Responsibilities:• I am involved to understand the business requirement and creating custom portlet as needed.• Coding(Created theme, layout, webcontent structure & template, unit testing, deploying in dev/qa server, defect fixing with respect to priority.Environment: Liferay Portal (6.x) Plugin Dev Env, Liferay Tomcat 6.X, Liferay framework, Jquery, Alloy UISoftware DeveloperMaking Open Source Work - July 2013 to November 2013 Project: Brand FrameworkDescription:The Brand Framework site includes information about our brand, how it lives through our product, how we serve our guests and even how we design our hotels. The most important elements of our brand are highlighted, along with our Hallmark Brand Standards, which are found at Holiday Inn Express hotels around the world and communicate our unique brand qualities so well. You'll also find useful directives for how to work within the global standards that help deliver the Holiday Inn Express brand consistently. The Brand Framework site is organized around two major concepts.The first is our guest's journey(Awareness, making a booking, Before I arrive, Arrival, Checkin, Journey within hotel, My room, facilities, Departure, Ongoing communication) and the second is something we call the '5 Ps(Meet the brand, People, Product, Place, Price)Responsibilities:• I am involved to understand the business requirement and creating custom portlet as needed.Tapas Ranjan Patra e-mail: ranjan.tapas.patra@gmail.com (Liferay/Java/J2ee Developer) Mob: 678-900-3595• Coding(Created theme, layout, webcontent structure & template, unit testing, deploying in dev/qa server, defect fixing with respect to priority.Environment: Liferay Portal (6.x) Plugin Dev Env, Liferay Tomcat 6.X, Liferay framework, Jquery, Alloy UISoftware DeveloperMaking Open Source Work - April 2013 to June 2013 Project: Celebrate ServicesDescription:We've created this site to provide you with all the tools you'll need to make it easy for you - and memorable for your employees. Click on the tabs above to submit your stories, download tools and materials, share your feedback and have your questions answered.The application contains below fetaures• Share own ideas• Share own stories• Toolkit feature helps to download poster for celebrate stories• Voting mechanism for photo and video contest for different regions • FAQ and contact us supportsResponsibilities:• I am involved to understand the business requirement and creating custom portlet as needed.• Coding(Created theme, layout, webcontent structure & template, unit testing, deploying in dev/qa server, defect fixing with respect to priority.Environment: Liferay Portal (6.x) Plugin Dev Env, Liferay Tomcat 6.X, Liferay framework, Jquery, Alloy UISoftware DeveloperMaking Open Source Work - November 2012 to March 2013 Project: BDW GlobalDescription:This is project is intended to manage the IHG group of hotels in globally(Different regions like AMEA, Greater China, Europe etc.). The purpose of this website to give the information related to IHG Hotels, which helps to understand about following details.• Why Choose IHG• How to get started with IHG• know about IHG related brands• Detailed solutions of Hotels.• Success Stories about IHG hotels• IHG networks with respect to specific regions • News, Press and Events of IHG• Detailed case studies of each hotelResponsibilities:• I am involved to understand the business requirement.• Coding(Created theme, layout, webcontent structure & template, unit testing, deploying in dev/qa server, defect fixing with respect to priority.Environment: Liferay Portal (6.x) Plugin Dev Env, Liferay Tomcat 6.X, Liferay framework, Jquery, Alloy UITapas Ranjan Patra e-mail: ranjan.tapas.patra@gmail.com (Liferay/Java/J2ee Developer) Mob: 678-900-3595Sr. ConsultantXinfo - August 2012 to November 2012Description:The main objective of the project is to provide to customers and users of current support site/s with a single portlet/page/location where they can find all the information CA produces for a particular product and product version. The objective is to make the finding and navigation of all his existing information a lot moreeffective and maintaining all the technical information in one page which call TIC(Technical information Center). The TIC contains the information like how to install/maintain/upgrade/downgrade/integrate a product with respect to version.Apart from this the TIC page provides feature like share the information to social network like facebook, twitter, google plus etc.Responsibilities:• I was leading a team.• I was involved to understand the business requirement and explain the same to team.• Coding(Created webcontent structure & template, Created hook for Assetpublisher portlet,Created a custom portlet for product version selection in TIC), unit testing, deploying in development server, defect fixing with respect to priority.Environment: Liferay Portal (6.x) Plugin Dev Env, Liferay Tomcat 6.0, Spring mvc, Hibernate, SOAP Webserices, Liferay framework, JquerySr. ConsultantVMware - July 2011 to July 2012 Project: ICE PortalDescription:A portal, process, and framework for our customers to easily manage their own entitlements (licenses, contracts, products, services, renewals) that in turn reduces VMware's cost exposure for servicing. This includes• A business process for VMware to manage entitlements and renewals• A business process for our customers to manage their software• An organizational structure (centralized or decentralized) that has clear accountability an ownership for the entitlements area• A technology solution that enables customers and VMware to manage entitlements and is aligned with the framework for future portals (portal re-engineering & consolidation)• Conversion of all customer accounts to the new model (including cleaning up the data, and a solution for BI/reporting and source system synchronization)• Reduced pain points for VMwareResponsibilities:• As part of this project I was assigned to work on the modules User and role management, License management and Audits.• I was involved to understand the business requirement.• Coding, unit testing, deploying in development server, defect fixing with respect to priority.• L2 and L3 support after production release.Tapas Ranjan Patra e-mail: ranjan.tapas.patra@gmail.com (Liferay/Java/J2ee Developer) Mob: 678-900-3595Environment: Liferay Portal (6.x) Plugin Dev Env, Liferay Tomcat 6.0, Spring mvc, Hibernate, SOAP Webserices, Liferay framework, JqueryConsultantAonHewitt - May 2011 to July 2011 Project: GMC PortalDescription:Aonhewitt intends to build an interactive GMC(Global message Center) portal which contains various portlets .The GMC contains the portlets like MessageBulder, MessageCenter, Announcement.MessageBuilder portlet is used to create the messages, messagecenter portlet used to show the messages and announcement portlect is used to show the announcement with respect to publish date. All the announment and messages has crete, update, delete operations.Responsibilities:• Developing the respective portlet by taking the help of structure, template, webcontent.• Developing the out of box fetaure portlet like populating population code in webcontent from the external service.• Developing out of box feature like expiring the article if it does not expire the article as per the scheduled time in scenarion like if the server is stopped.• Tested and deployed the application using Tomcat 6.0 server.• Deploying the application in QA serverEnvironment: Liferay Portal (6.x) Plugin Dev Env, Liferay Tomcat 6.0, Java Script, JQuery, AUI, AJAX, ANT, JSP, HTML, Eclipse Helios, Tortoise SVN, JIRA, Windows and UNIX.ConsultantInfocast - February 2011 to May 2011 Project: Infocast PortalDescription:Infocast intends to build an interactive portal which contaains various portlets .I involveed in portlets like myquicklist, cms-rabo, googlemap, sc-slideshow and publisher-subscriber. Each each portlet is having different different functionalities with respect to the bussiness rules.1. myquicklist: In this portlet the implemented fetaures are drag drop functionlity of child pages which is a out of box fetaure in liferay.2. Cms-rabo: This portlet implementation is with respect to document management.3. Googlemap: This portlet implementation is with respect to location and address.4. Sc-slideshow: This portlet implementation is with respect to slide show of the content and play the video. 5. Publisher-subscriber: This portlet implementation is with respect to the publishing the data in portlal and automated subscribed by the subscriber.Responsibilities:• Developing the respective portlet by taking the help of structure, template, webcontent.• Developing the out of box fetaure portlet like drag drop and expando concepts.• Involved in working all the critical fixes that are found in testing and during the client review. • Tested and deployed the application using Tomcat 6.0 server.Environment: Liferay Portal (6.x) Plugin Dev Env, Liferay Tomcat 6.0, Java Script, JQuery, AJAX, ANT, Maven, JSP, SQL, HTML, Eclipse Galelio, Tortoise SVN, JIRA, Windows and UNIX.ConsultantTravelport - March 2010 to February 2011Tapas Ranjan Patra e-mail: ranjan.tapas.patra@gmail.com (Liferay/Java/J2ee Developer) Mob: 678-900-3595Project: Travelport PortalDescription:Traveleport intends to build an interactive portal like desktop(Universal dektop) to manage data.This includes various modules given below.1.ProfileAdmin Module(Mangemant of user profiles(add/modify/seach) 2.RoleAdmin module(Assigning the role to each profile) 3.ProductAdmin Module4.Clickonce module(Manage dektop releases)5.File Finishing module(Attaching the booking inforamtion as string)Responsibilities:• Understanding the bussiness rules of profileAdmin module and implementing the usecases like Search Profile, Account Hiearchy and involved in defect fixing.• Extensively used Jquery and Ajax in the development of Overlay functionality..• Performed the unit level testing to make sure the correctness of the developed functionalities. • Involved in working all the critical fixes that are found in testing and during the client review.• Tested and deployed the application using Tomcat 6.0 web server.Environment: Liferay Portal (5.x) Enterprise Ext Env, Liferay Portal (5.x) Plugin Dev Env, Liferay Tomcat 6.0, Java Script, JQuery, AJAX, ANT, Maven, JSP, SQL, HTML, JSTL, SOAP, Servlets, Eclipse Galelio, Tortoise SVN, JIRA, Windows and UNIX.Senior Software DeveloperSurveillance Support System - September 2009 to March 2010 Research and Development)Description:• Login/password authentication to use ZoneMinder (video surveillance software)• User groups to categorize users• System administrator with user management and other special privileges• Configure and receive input from multiple surveillance systems via email notifications. TheseSurveillance systems will continuously monitor and capturing events.• This results in a centralized repository of event data.• The email notifications are expected (need to be configured) to contain the video clip of the event with a pre- configured subject as an attachment.• The email is parsed and the corresponding attachment is categorized (based on input source,camera id, criticality etc), indexed and stored with relevant pre-configured keywords in the CMS.• Facility to add additional keywords to the document/video data• Automatic and manual categorization of document/video based on attributes and subsequentstorage into different folders/hierarchy• Configurable categorization logic based on XML definitions• Phonetic search based on keywords, Workflow for events and data• Advanced search on other document attributes like date of creation, file type etc.• Workflow implementation for escalation or re-routing of events and data based on configurablecriteria (E.g. movement observed in unauthorized area, number of events etc.)• Email notifications to configured users on receipt of new events or based on workflow defined.Responsibilities:• To find the technical solution with respect to the requirement.• Involved in Coding like workflow management, Video document categorization and email parsing. Phonetic keyword search implementation.• Customizing alfresco web interface.Environment: Alfresco CMS, Alfresco Script, Alfresco Workflow and Windows, UNIX.Tapas Ranjan Patra e-mail: ranjan.tapas.patra@gmail.com (Liferay/Java/J2ee Developer) Mob: 678-900-3595Senior Software DeveloperAffynyty - May 2009 to September 2009 Project: Affynyty PortalDescription:The Affynyty portal includes features such My Health Team Directory, My Health Account and My Alerts, access to health related information and benefits provided by affiliates, and personalised information based on user preferences.Responsibilities:• Finding the javascript bugs, UI related bugs and fixing those in different browser like IE(6,7,8), Mozilla 3.5, Safari 3.2.1• Generic Portlet implementation• Internationalization supportEnvironment: Jboss 4.3 Application server and Windows, UNIX.Senior Software DeveloperRaliway Association - July 2008 to May 2009 Project 4: RAC AtlasDescription:RAC intends to build an interactive electronic atlas for the railway tracks of Canadian National Railway Company (CN) and the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR).This project is about importing geospatial information of railway tracks from CN and CPR and overlaying the tracks, with interactive features, to be accessible by two interfacesThe Scope Of Project includes the following:- Develop (web / application) interfaces to support management and entry of data• Support for storing GIS compliant data• Support for visually modifying the GIS data- Develop electronic atlas• Web based Ajax application , Create watermarked PDF files of the map(s)• Support adding/ removing GIS layers as desired by the user• Support searching, Railway meta data, Railway track information by mileage • Railway track by ownership and running rights• Secondary data (Railway stations, cities, roads, schools)• Display meta data information visually.• Functionality to calculate point to point distance, track distanceResponsibilities:• As a developer I was involved in the preparation of SDD, Class diagram and Sequence diagram, Coding, unit testing and bug fixing.Environment: Java, Jsp, Javascript, Struts framework, Servlets, Ajax, Google Map and Google Earth, Geoserver 1.6(Jetty Server), Postgres SQL 8.3.1 and Windows, UNIX.Software DeveloperSplashData - October 2007 to July 2008Project 5: Splash Shopper OnlineTapas Ranjan Patra e-mail: ranjan.tapas.patra@gmail.com (Liferay/Java/J2ee Developer) Mob: 678-900-3595Description:• SplashShopper Online is a shopping list manager based application that is used for keeping lists of groceries to buy, movies to rent, CDs to buy, books to read and many more. One can create anunlimited number of lists, and each list can be customized to record and display only the information that is relevant. SplashShopper application currently exists on Windows, Mac OSX,PalmOS, BlackBerry, Symbian, and Windows Mobile.• The scope of work for SplashShopper includes the following:• Develop and test the SplashShopper application with an identical feature list as in the Desktopflavour of the same.• Installation and packaging of SplashShopper application for Web versions.• Support for Web version of SplashShopper on the following flavours of explorer - Internet Explorer,Firefox, Netscape 5+, Opera, Safari, Mozilla and an iPhone Safari based on the support provided by these browsers with respect to web components used.• Import, export and printing facilities• User Authentication.Responsibilities:• As a developer I was involved in the preparation SRS, HLD • Coding, unit testing and bug fixing..Environment: Java, Jsp, Servlets, My SQL 5.5, Ajax, Javascript, Mysql 5.5, Tomcat 5.5, Struts framework and Windows, UNIX.Software DeveloperCendant - November 2006 to September 2007 Project 6: Hostel Traveller ProgramDescription:• Login HTP (Hostel Traveler Program) - Demonstrates how to Login HTP (Hostel Traveler Program).Creating/Updating new/existing customer.-- This functionality allows the Letting officer to create/ update a new/existing customer in HTP(Hostel Traveler Program). Creating/Updating newapplication(s) for customer.-- This functionality allows the Letting officer to create/update an application for existing customer in HTP (Hostel Traveler Program ).• Search Customer -This Functionality allows the Letting Officer to search a customer that exists inHTP (Hostel Traveler Program) On basis of customer name (First/Last/Middle)- Search Application -This Functionality allows the Letting Officer to Search customer Application(s) on basis ofApplication ID.- Create Booking -This Functionality allows the Letting Officer to create a Booking for customer Application(s).• View Correspondence -This functionality list all the correspondences with Student/Customer by HTP. Letting Officer can Print, save, e-mail, ignore (this documents in PDF format) to student/Customer in HTP.Responsibilities:• Coding, unit testing and bug fixing.Environment: Java, Jsp, Servlets, Xml, Weblogic 8.1 and Windows, UNIX.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONOperating systems: Linux, UNIX, Windows NT/2000/XPJava Technologies: Java Beans, Servlets, JSP, Struts, JDBC.Languages: Java, SQL, PL/SQL, XML, XSLTDatabases: Oracle 8i/9i, Postgres SQL, MYSQL.Web/App Servers: Tomcat 5.x/6.x/7.x, Web logic 8.1, Jboss 4.3.1, Geoserver 1.6.4 Web Services: SOAP, RESTTools: Eclipse 3.x ,My Eclipse 6.5, CVS, Subversion, ANT, Win Scp, Putty ,Edit plus Frameworks: Struts and Liferay Portal FrameworkOthers: Microsoft Visio and Dreamweaver.