Terressa CookFormer IT professional currently attending The Art Institute of Portland looking to transition into 3D Animation profession in the production and/or gaming industries.Tigard, OR - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Terressa-Cook/9c07d8cbe5d32ad2I am a former IT professional who is transitioning into my dream of becoming a 3D Animation professional. I thoroughly enjoy character animation and creating environments for those characters to live in. I am a casual gamer and movie enthusiast with goals of animating in either or both fields.WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorCascade Microtech - Beaverton, OR - February 2006 to February 2015ResponsibilitiesNetwork and server deployment, monitoring, troubleshooting and resolution for multi-site and international locationsPlatforms: Windows Server 2003-2010, Red Hat Enterprise. VMWare VSphere 5.x/ESX Server 5.x, Infrastructure and VMotion, Exchange 2010, Symantec Enterprise Vault 10.x,Symantec Endpoint Protection, Symantec Messaging Gateway, HP server hardware, Symantec Backup Exec, IPSentry Network Monitoring, Microsoft System Center Configuration ManagerNetworking: Cisco firewall, switches, routers, VPN and VoIP equipment, TCP/IPServer patch managementDHCP/DNS scope creation and managementPlanned and deployed Microsoft Exchange 2010 installation and migration.Planned and deployed Symantec Enterprise Vault 10. PST migration and mailbox archival with Exchange 2007 and 2010.Continual improvement upon System Center Configuration Manager deployment methods and useMicrosoft Active Directory ManagementSOX Compliance Reporting, Creating and Maintaining Processes and ProceduresBackup and Restore responsibilities as neededHelpdesk and end-user issue resolution requiring strong customer service and oral communication skillsDocumentation and training of processes and proceduresMonthly up time statics reporting, event analysis, forecasting, status reports and process improvement￼Disaster recovery planning24x7 on call availability for emergenciesContinual skills and knowledge improvement through on the job training and self studyAccomplishmentsIntroduced and improved upon processes and procedures from daily tasks to SOX compliance. If it was something I worked on, it got rolled into a process and procedure and documented thoroughly.Contributed and improved upon the technologies used by our user community focusing on world class solutions, high availability and ease of use.Listening to customer feedback and improving upon processes and procedures used.Skills UsedWindows ServerActive DirectoryVMwareTroubleshootingWindowsSymantec Endpoint Protection Computer Hardware VirtualizationRed Hat LinuxEnterprise VaultDNSServersSecurityPatch ManagementSymantec BackupSystem CenterElectronicsProcess Improvement Disaster RecoveryRoutersVPNMicrosoft ExchangeEDUCATIONBA in progress in Media Arts and AnimationThe Art Institute of Portland - Portland, OR 2010 to 2018SKILLSMaya, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe After Effects, Wacom Tablets, Toon Boom Pencil Check Pro, DragonframeLINKS http://terressacook.com￼