Todd SnedenRiverview, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Todd-Sneden/134002e930c3acc5WORK EXPERIENCEComputer Networking TechnicianManatee County Port Authority - Port Manatee, FL - October 2014 to PresentPerform entire port networking duties as directed.Duties include desktop support for end users, WI-FI installation and maintenance, security system installation and maintenance, resolving systems issues, web-page development, perform audio/visual duties at Port meetings, and make recommendations for systems improvement.Security Officer "D" LicenseManatee County Port Authority - Port Manatee, FL - October 2013 to October 2014 Performed comprehensive port security duties as assigned.Security Officer "D" LicenseAmerisafety Inc - Tampa, FL - April 2013 to December 2013Stand ship gangway and site watches at Port Manatee, Kinder-Morgan, Ports America.Delivery driver, order entryPapa John's Pizza - Brandon, FL - March 2010 to October 2013 special tasks as assigned by manager.Field tech - Remote technical supportH&R Block Tax Office Support Center - Tampa, FL - January 2009 to August 2009for the H&R Tax Offices in Southeast US. Re-map hard drives, repair printer IP set ups, and assist the tax professionals to fix whatever issues they have with the software issued by World HQ in Kansas.Student WorkerITT-Technical Institute - Tampa, FL - 2007 to 2008Image the computers after rotating out the older models; password retrieval for students and other login problems.Salad Bar Attendant/ QA / StockerRuby Tuesday - Pensacola, FL - 2005 to 2006Made sure the salad bar was stocked and well presented. Made sure the food left the kitchen as it was ordered. Supplies maintenance.Food Runner / Busser / BarPopeye's on Lake Geneva - Lake Geneva, WI - 2004 to 2005back - Took the food from the kitchen to the table for the server to server. Cleaned the table and set out new setups after the patrons left. Kept the bar stocked with ice and drinks, also changed the beer kegs.Store Associate- Cashier/ StockerArmy and Air Force Exchange Service (AAFES) - Stuttgart - 2003 to 2004 checked out the patrons, and restocked the selves when needed.￼EDUCATIONAssociate of Science in Computer Network SystemsITT Technical Institute - Tampa, FL 2006 to 2008ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkills:Completed "Personnel with Security Duties"Completed "MTSA/ISPS" Port Security Course 210Knowledge of PC hardware and Operating SystemsKnowledge of Network design and implementationBasic SQL Knowledge, Microsoft SuiteBasic HTML, Java Script, Python Language skillsIntermediate Visual Basic KnowledgeHands-on skills installing, maintaining and managing desktop/client operating systems, Able to Trouble-shoot computer hardware devices, IP configurations of networks