Tony GrahamRobotics Team Sponsor - Flour Bluff Independent School DistrictCorpus Christi, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tony-Graham/0b1a7cce5804567bEnthusiastic about leading students into the twenty-first century using a unique combination of education experiencecoupled with eight years' business background with a Fortune 500 corporation.• Hold Master's Degree in Computer Science Education and Bachelor's Degree in Criminal Justice.• Participant in multiple Computer Science related pilot programs.• Experienced in use of the Internet, educational software, Adobe software products, Microsoft software products, and many other computer industry related software and hardware.WORK EXPERIENCETeacher (Computer Science, Engineering, CTE)Flour Bluff Independent School District - Corpus Christi, TX - June 2010 to PresentDeveloped a successful high school robotics program participating in FIRST FTC competitions. Evolved from 1 to 8 teams- 3 teams advanced to FTC Texas Regional Tournament- 1 team advanced to FTC South Super Regional Tournament• Project Lead the Way Lead Teacher, June 2010 - Present- taught multiple classes using the Nationally recognized PLTW curriculumcreated new projects for each PLTW class taught- directed the PLTW partnership team.• CTE Teacher- taught various CTE classes including Electronics and Internetworking TechnologyPaul Anthony "Tony" Graham1810 Jeremiah Ct. • Corpus Christi, TX 78418 • (904) 463-2388 • tonygraham17@gmail.com• AP Computer Science Teacher- Successfully taught AP and non-AP computer science classes using AP approved curriculum for all classes.Technology DirectorSt. James Episcopal School - Ormond Beach, FL - June 2009 to May 2010responsible for all server maintenance and software updates- using active directory ensured that teacher and student accounts were created with appropriate permissions - re-built school's website using Adobe Dreamweaver and Netfirms web hosting- coordinated with school directors on purchases of new equipment- worked with school parent association to maintain website used for auction fundraiser• Technology Teacher- instructed students in grades 3 - 8 in various computer applications including, but not limited to MSOffice, Bryce, and Photoshop.School was downsized at end of the school year due to low enrollment.Computer Teacher, Grades 6-12￼Providence School of Jacksonville - Jacksonville, FL - June 2004 to May 2009created curriculum for multiple computer classes (applications, graphic design, introduction to programming, computer education, and robotics)- kept students actively engaged in the learning process- ensured all projects were appropriate for the grade and experience level of the students- ensured that grades were entered into the online grading system in a timely manner. - created weekly lesson plans and class preps for 6 separate classes.WebmasterProvidence School of Jacksonville - June 2007 to 2009updated information, pictures, videos, etc. on the school website (K-12)- created new pages for the website and ensured information was accessible- worked with Dreamweaver, Photoshop, and FrontPage to create pages for all areas of the websiteSponsorProvidence School of Jacksonville - June 2006 to 2009 planned and organized all club activities and service projectsYearbook AdvisorProvidence School of Jacksonville - June 2004 to 2009advised yearbook students and oversaw the production and publication of high quality, full color school yearbooks.Head Soccer CoachProvidence School of Jacksonville - June 2004 to 2009responsible for all aspects of managing the women's soccer program (middle school, junior varsity, and varsity) including but not limited to budgeting, purchasing, scheduling, and planning training sessions.PE TeacherSt. John's County School Board - August 2003 to May 2004Created lessons for elementary aged PE students to ensure that they were getting appropriate exercise and physical activity.- Created lessons that allowed elementary school students to learn proper techniques for throwing, jumping, etc.- actively participated in the Presidents Council for Physical Fitness testingComputer Refurbishment DirectorSt. John's County School Board - August 2003 to May 2004Completely refurbished several dozen donated computers so that they could be donated to low income families. Refurbishment included, but was not limited to, reformatting hard drives, replacing hardware, loading functional operating systems, and installing educational freeware.Paul Anthony "Tony" Graham1810 Jeremiah Ct. • Corpus Christi, TX 78418 • (904) 463-2388 • tonygraham17@gmail.comTeacherCrossroads Christian School - Orange Park, FL - August 2002 to December 2002created curriculum for multiple classes (Science, History, Bible, and PE) • kept students actively engaged in the learning process• ensured all projects were appropriate for the grade and experience level of the students• ensured grades were kept in a manual grade book and that lesson plans were recorded in a lesson plan book that was reviewed weekly.• created weekly lesson plans and class preps for 6 separate classes.School was closed in December by the corporate office.Collections ManagerCitibank - Jacksonville, FL - June 1998 to August 2002responsible for the daily oversight of a team of 20 collection associates- developed scorecard measurements for all inbound and outbound front end collections- performed statistical analysis on daily, weekly, and monthly performance reports and designed performance action plans for each associate for future months collections- designed rewards and recognition programs for high performing associatesLitigation SpecialistCitibank - Jacksonville, FL - June 1997 to June 1998managed a group of 7-12 national attorney firms and coordinated with them in the collection of charged off credit card debts- reviewed reports submitted by attorney firms and made determinations on actions to be taken (file suit, set up payment plan, accept settlement, etc.)Collections AssociateCitibank - Jacksonville, FL - November 1994 to June 1997executed outbound and inbound collection calls on delinquent credit cardsEDUCATIONM.A. in Computer Science EducationJacksonville University - Jacksonville, FL 2004Bachelor of Science in Criminal JusticeTexas A&M Corpus Christi - Corpus Christi, TX 1992ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONKey QualificationsTexas Certified in Computer Science (K-12)Florida Certified in Computer Education (K-12), Social Studies (6-9), PE (K-12)Project Lead the Way Master Teacher for Computer Science and Software Engineering (CSE)Project Lead the Way certified in Introduction to Engineering Design (IED), Digital Electronics (DE), Principles ofEngineering (POE), Computer Science and Software Engineering (CSE), and Engineering Design and Development(EDD).Pilot participant for Project Lead the Way pilot for Computer Science and Software Engineering course.AP Computer Science Certified TeacherPilot participant for College Board's AP CS Principles Course due to release first AP test in 2017