Tyler ScottComputer Science - Teachers AssistantRexburg, ID - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tyler-Scott/10fd900d1d83c695Secure part time employment during school to gain work experience and prepare financially to continue attending Brigham Young University - Idaho.WORK EXPERIENCEComputer Science - Teachers AssistantBrigham Young University - October 2014 to December 2014Responsibilities: Grading program assignments, large projects and tests. Tutoring students on occasion. Required extensive knowledge of the programming languages for the various courses and a strong ability to catch errors manually.• Contributions: Volunteered in the Linux Lab and tutored many students for various classes.Research and Development AssistantLeprino Foods - April 2014 to September 2014Pilot Plant Refinish Expert• Accomplishments: Invited to attend high corporate level meetings and assist in development of refinishing process company wide. Authored the standard operation procedure for the refinisher.• Responsibilities: Cleaning/Sanitation/Assembly of Pilot Plant and Machines used. Refinishing Cheese. Assisting in Production and testing of various cheese formulas.• Contributions: Specialist in Refinishing and pilot on the process, and use of the equipment to do so.Relocation SpecialistMesa Systems - May 2013 to September 2013Accomplishments: Placed as Supervisor on Miscellaneous tasks and jobsites. Learned to pack Wood Crates, 53ft trailers and other storages professionally.• Responsibilities: Minor Customer Service, Labor on Jobsites (pickup/delivery), Navigation, Maintaining Warehouse, Facilitating Storage of incoming loads, Preparing and loading stored items for transport, Assistance onsite moves of Office and personal customers (packing and loading)• Contributions: Sent to special jobs for individual item pick up, distinguished loader, Leader in warehouse overall organization, deconstruction/reconstruction of various customers items for ease of transport, and loading/packing trucks tight and organized.VolunteerThe Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints - May 2011 to May 2013Accomplishments: Daily study to improve social and teaching skills. Practice and utilization of a methodical teaching pattern. Door to Door Contacting. Resolving concerns on a personal level.• Responsibilities: Teaching. Inviting others to learn. Strengthen the local congregations. Help everyone in need.• Contributions: Trained new missionaries. Helped many people with various physical needs and projects Taught the Gospel. Became unofficial bike mechanic for most missionaries.Warehouse Hand. Assistant MoverMesa Systems Moving and Storage - May 2010 to September 2010￼Accomplishments: Learned greater prioritization and multitasking skills. Worked with public and as a team to move people effectively and efficiently.• Responsibilities: Maintaining Warehouse, Facilitating Storage of incoming loads, Preparing and loading stored items for transport, Assistance onsite moves of Office and personal customers (packing and loading) • Contributions: Leader in warehouse overall organization, distribution of Sun-Power solar panels, deconstruction/reconstruction of various customers items for ease of transport, and loading/packing trucks tight and organized.LEARDERSHIP/AWARDS/MERITS RECEIVED• Completed a Full time mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. (Ventura California) • Eagle Scout Award - after 5 years of dedication and commitment• 4 Letters in High School Band - after 4 years dedication and commitmentEDUCATIONComputer EngineeringBrigham Young University September 2010 to April 2011Thunder Ridge High School May 2010