Vinesh Patel Software Developer - KPMG- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vinesh-Patel/826557b02e00ea76• Accomplished and talented IT professional with 10-years + of experience in complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) which includes analysis, design, development, deployment, testing, debugging, implementation & maintenance of large and complex enterprise applications in Web-based, Client/ Server and distributed n-tier architecture on multi-platform.• Proficient in development of all parts of the application, GUI, Business object layer, Database using .Net framework 3.5/3.0/2.0, C#.Net, VB.Net, ASP.Net, ADO.Net, Entity Framework, Visual Studio.Net, VSS, IIS, DTS, Java Script, AJAX, JQuery, Silverlight, LINQ, CSS, WPF, XMLHTML, Telerik Web, Telerik WPF, Telerik Windows controls and WebServices.• Good experience in SQL Server Business Intelligence (BI) Suite, SQL Server Database Development.• Strong in Object Oriented Analysis (OOA), Designing (OOD), and Programming (OOP).• Good experience in implementing Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and Model View Controller (MVC) Architecture.• Hands on experience with Web Services (SOAP, WSDL, UDDI) and developing XML web services.• Hands on experience in SQL Server and Oracle development in writing Constraints, Indexes, Views, Stored Procedures, Cursors, Triggers and User Defined Functions using T-SQL and PL/SQL.• Rich Experience in developing PL/SQL Stored Procedures, Functions, Packages, Database Triggers using features like Cursors, Collections and Exception Handling.• Strong in using tools such as PL/SQL developer, SQL Navigator.• Experience in creating tables, techniques in data storage, exporting and importing data from different databases and files to SQL Server using DTS/SSIS.• Extensively used the advanced PL/SQL features like, Global Temporary Tables and Ref Cursors.• Experience in handling exceptions using try, catch blocks and Microsoft Exceptional Handling Application blocks.• Experience in working with source control and versioning tools like VSS.• Excellent analytical, problem solving, trouble-shooting capabilities, communication and inter personal skills with good work ethics.• Ability to learn new concepts, interact with individuals at all levels of the organization and contributing to project success in multi-tasking, fast paced environment.WORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperKPMG - June 2013 to PresentProject: eAudITDescription: eAudIT is a global electronic audit management tool that is created by KPMG to provide the methodology, guidance, and industry knowledge needed to perform the most efficient, highest quality audit possible. A unique combination of experience and innovation, eAudIT enables KPMG to deliver an unparalleled audit experience for their clients.Responsibilities:• My role is an U.I. developer in a team of 6 members to develop a part of Correspondence and Business Entities.• Involved in gathering the requirements from client and developing the User Interface using ASP.NET 4.0.￼• Created web application using design pattern. Rendered HTML 5 using ASP.NET.• Involved in analysis, design and development of the project using object oriented analysis and design (OOAD).• All the user interface layers, web pages are created and integrated to maintain the performance of data flow and data integrity using ASP.Net User Controls, Server Controls and ADO.Net.• Responsible for Analysis and Design using Object Oriented Methodology.• Involved in front-end development using Visual Studio 2012, ASP.Net, and CSS3.• Designing Models, Views, and Controllers and by implementing them using the ASP.NET framework.• Designed dynamic SSIS Packages to transfer data across different platforms, validate data during transferring, and archived data files.• Used Cascading Style Sheets (CSS3) with HTML5 to attain uniformity of all web pages.• Used JQuery, ASP.NET AJAX toolkit controls and CSS to give better performance and Richness to the user interface.• Used AJAX for making smaller, faster and user friendly web-page application.• Used Web Forms and Server controls in ASP.NET for end-user UI.• Developed Reporting and Analysis module by web enabling reports, Web development using HTML5, ASP.NET to deploy SSRS reports for the end users to view, print and export data for analysis purposes. Utilized JavaScript to communicate from Flex to Browsers. Utilized CSS and Flex Skinning to provide consistent look and feel to AIR/Flex apps. Created multiplatform websites (desktop, mobile, tablet) utilizing Html5 & CSS3.• Developed Data Access and Business Logic layers including Web Services for the Business Logic layer.• Developed user related features to get rich controls using Telerik web controls.• Used Telerik controls Rad Panel Bar, Rad Grid, and Form Decorator to implement the front end.• Developed connectivity to SQL Server-2008 using various ADO.NET objects.• Developed stored Procedures to do business calculations.• Used SQL Server 2012 to design and develop tables.• Used Triggers to automate the event generation.• Developed reports using SSRS and used table control, matrix control for cross tab reports. Developed Stored Procedures to generate reports using SQL Server Reporting Services.• Involved in Integration Testing of various modules of the project. Unit tested various functions of the application.Environment: .Net Framework 3.5, ASP.NET, C#, ADO.NET, XMLHTML, JavaScript, IIS 7.0, Windows 2000 Server, HTML, DHTML, CSS, Ajax Toolkit, VSS, Visual Studio 2008, HTML, SQL Server 2005, Telerik controls.Team LeadSEIPL - July 2011 to May 2013Project: HRMSDescription: The HRMS is being used by the SEIPL Human Resource Administration department and their employees and managers in order to conduct performance reviews, appraisal workflows and 360 degree feedback and other HR related activities. This system has been fully integrated with the internal applications without compromising the Govt security measures. The business goal of the project is computerizes / automates the non-managerial employee evaluation process. By automating the PE (Performance Evaluation) process, stakeholders shall be able to reduce the amount of paper being generated and circulated, and make the appraisal process more efficient and improve management control and with adhoc MIS reporting capabilityResponsibilities:• Developed solutions for diverse programming scenarios in C#, employing Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts such as: encapsulation, inheritance, polymorphism, and abstraction.• Utilized ADO.Net technology extensively for data retrieving, querying, storage and manipulation.• Designed the web UI ASP.NET, HTML, DHTML, JavaScript, CSS and AJAX controls.• Created User Controls, Custom controls, Data Access Layer, Business Logic Layer Classes using C# and .Net 3.5 for web pages.• Used ASP.NET MVC Page Controller pattern to add functionality to individual pages such as to accept input from the page request, invoke the requested actions on the controller.• Responsible for designing the ASP.NET application authentication using .NET Framework, Model View Controller MVC and IIS security model.• Used ASP.NET MVC framework to support the use of Dependency Injection to inject objects into a class, instead of relying on the class to create the object itself.• Extensively used User interface controls which use JQuery to ensure client side validation.• Implemented Database First EDMX and used Linq to Entities to massage the Data and optimized the Query Expressions.• Written Stored Procedures in SQL Server 2008 and used ADO .NET with Grid View, Data List, Details view, Repeaters, Dataset Classes for data manipulation.• Created and maintained database objects like complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Cursors, and Tables, Views and SQL Joins.• Created the Linked servers to pull the data from different data sources and used them in the stored procedure which will be executing on the scheduled basis through SQL agent.• Written Queries using T-SQL Statements, Views, User Defined Functions, Stored Procedures, Triggers in SQL Server 2008 for inserting/Updating/Deleting the data into the relational tables.• Worked Extensively with Query Optimization Techniques to fetch data with better Performance Tuning.• Created ETL packages using SSIS to move data from various heterogeneous data sources to centralized database.• Created Cross-Tab, Drill-down and Sub-Reports using SSRS.• Created user level security in reports to allow restricted viewing to users of different levels and implemented data driven subscriptions using SSRS.• Used Enterprise library for Database Connection and writing exception manager component, which creates a log file in event viewer.• Responsible for maintaining versions of source code using Team Foundation Server 2010.• Supported Operations team during the deployment and troubleshooting the production issues during deployment and on regular basis.Environment: Visual Studio 2010, C#, ASP.NET MVC 3.0, Entity Frame Work 4.0, Java Script, JQuery, TFS 2010, IIS 7.0, AJAX, ADO.NET, LINQ, XML, Microsoft Enterprise Library, SQL Server 2008 R2.Team LeadCare Hospital - November 2009 to June 2011Project: e-CareDescription: This Project was intended to serve as a complete solution for Hospital Information system. It was designed by a team that consisted of both technical and medical professionals who provided total insight of hospital administration and clinical reporting procedures. The product catered to the administrative, billing and insurance needs of the hospital system. The application comprised of different modules that were created exclusively for inpatients, outpatients and emergency patients. The main objective of the application was to develop a paperless, cashless and hassle free setup for medical professionals so that qualitative medical care can be provided to patients with in the hospital network.Responsibilities:• Developed the application using the N-tier architecture with Business logic layer and data access layers coded in C# .net and .Net Framework 3.5.• Involved in design, development, testing and quality assurance of the product.• Used C#.Net, WCF Service, ASP.Net for GUI design and business logic implementation to incorporate both N-tier architecture and database connectivity.• Developed classes and interfaces for the Data Access layer using C#, ASP.Net, LINQ, WCF and ADO.Net. • Develop content web pages and Master Pages and in ASP.Net using C#.• Developed Web user and Custom controls to avoid redundant designing.• Designed & Developed the UI Layer using ASP.Net web forms and C# using MS Visual studio2010.• An exclusive experience working with User Controls with C#.Net code-behind files, debugging and Quality Testing of the code.• Involved in database work to create tables, functions and stored procedures using SQL Server 2008.• Responsible for the analysis of the requirements of the business, designing database tables.• Created event driven Forms using ASP.Net and implemented form validation using Validation controls using both Custom validation and Java Script was written for Client side validations and also used the new validation controls in Visual Studio.• Used AJAX calls in our project using Ajax Control Toolkit.• Used Cascading Style Sheet (CSS) to attain uniformity through all the pages of the application.• Used JQuery UI library for rich user interface.• Created and Scheduled SSIS packages to load data from Flat files to SQL Server tables and vice versa.• Support in successfully pushing the system into production with minimum number of issues.• Created SSRS reports for output formats like PDF, EXCEL.• Fixed the production issues with the least turnaround time.• Tuning SQL Scripts for better performance in SQL Server 2008.• Configuring and deploying application on IIS.• Involved in maintenance and production support of the application.• Used Visual Source Safe for Source control.Environment: .Net Framework 3.5, C#.Net, ASP.Net, ADO.Net, LINQ, AJAX, Java Script, JQuery, Visual Studio 2010, SQL Server 2008, IIS 6.0, SSIS, SSRS, Web forms, WCF Services, HTML, CSS, VSS and Windows.Sr .Net DeveloperAIG Asset Management - Jersey City, NJ - February 2009 to October 2009Project: DARTDescription: At AIG Investments, a hundred of Transactional & Holdings reports are generated every night and optionally processed for analysis. These reports are used by nearly 700 traders. The daily report generation is handled through a console application called Query Scheduler written in C#. One of the other responsibilities of the team is DART portal support. DART is an all-purpose intranet portal for Report Generation, Query Design and User Administration. All the components are written in ASP.Net, C# application. This application was implemented using MVC architecture on .Net 4.0 framework and agile methodology.Responsibilities:• Responsible for creation of new reports and data Integration from different sources.• Enhancing the business logic, new functionality, fixing issues and bugs as per portfolio managers and analysts requirements across the Asset Management Group users, Nan Shan & Sun America Financial group users. • Maintaining entire DART web application.• Participated in system specification meetings, analyzed business requirements, coordinated with the other developers and team members.• Developed core functionality with the .Net Framework 4.0 (C#, ASP.Net and ADO.Net).• Extensively worked on the .aspx and .aspx.cs pages using C#, JQuery and HTML and CSS.• Applied object-oriented programming concepts, ADO.Net, namespaces in designing and development of the application.• Implemented Client side form validations using JQuery, Server side validations and validations at Database level.• Worked on agile methodology using Scrum.• Used Telerik controls Rad Panel Bar, Rad Grid, and Form Decorator to implement the front end.• Developed Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) service interfaces.• Extensively used SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) for designing reports.• Used LINQ to communicate between DAL and other business components.• Developed user related features to get rich controls using Telerik web controls.• Worked on SSIS packages to generate email to AE's on updated or new orders.• Created SSIS /SSRS packages and used Data Flow Task, SQL Execute Task, Script Task and OLEDB Sources.• Version control managed using Team foundation Server (TFS).• Extensively used SSIS to move data from heterogeneous data sources to SQL Server.• Created various SSIS Packages.• Initiated to create a Security Framework using WCF.• Implemented AJAX Controls by sending data in common formats like XML.• Implemented Business Logic using C# class libraries.• Wrote Functional Design Sheet and Technical Specifications document as part of the project documentation. • Used various concepts of state management like session, query strings and application variables.• Extensively used Visual Source Safe (VSS) for version control.• Wrote stored procedures, views, functions and SQL scripts in SQL Server 2008.• Preparing daily project status document and sending for approval to PM.Environment: .Net Framework 4.0, C#.Net, Visual Studio.Net 2010, ASP.Net, TFS, Agile, Scrum, SQL Server 2008, XML, XSLT, Java Script, HTML, CSS, Web Services, AJAX, JQuery, WCF, LINQ, Telerik controls, Pivot Table, CCNET, SSIS, SSRS and Windows XP.Net DeveloperIBM - October 2006 to December 2008Project: UDSDescription: UDS is the application, which integrates all the sales process of Vodafone. This is a web based Graphical User Interface that sits on the top of Arbor billing and eBS system and runs on Internet Explorer 6.0 and later version. The primary users of this application are the customer sales representative of the various sales channels. UDS application interacts with Arbor, eBS, CRM, User management System, RTUR, Vogon and some other applications via Middle ware. Middle wares are COM, COM+, .NET assemblies and uses façade, business objects layer, and data layer. By using UDS application the complete Sales cycle is managed from Leads generation to delivering the products to the customer. The sales channels are the key feature of the UDS application and there are four sales channels in Vodafone.Responsibilities:• Involved in gathering and analyzing the technical side of requirements from business analysts, and prepare designs for implementation.• Developed UI forms using ASP.Net and HTML following guidelines for Web accessibility and extensively used CSS for customizing GUI elements.• Designed Web forms using Data Grid, Validation, Login Controls, User Controls and AJAX control Extenders. • Implemented various types of validation and formatting of data and look of application using JavaScript and AJAX.• Used XML and XSLT to communicate between web services and displaying results on pages.• Implemented class libraries in C# and developed several user/ web server controls for reuse and reduce maintenance time and effort.• Used Object Oriented Concepts (Interfaces, Inheritance and Abstract classes).• Carry out development of the application using ASP.Net and C# with SQL Server as backend.• Used T-SQL and Web services to communicate between Data Access Layer and other business components. • Involved in developing reports using Data Dynamics and Active Reports.• Involving the Enhancements required for Production Support.Environment: C#, ASP.Net, ADO.Net, VB.Net, AJAX, SQL Server 2000, DTS, T-SQL, TFS, Windows XPNet DeveloperSDMPL - Surat, Gujarat - January 2003 to September 2006Project: NEW DPMSResponsibilities:• At the Sanghavi Diamond Mfg. Pvt. Ltd. Surat, rough Diamonds given for processing to the Rough Department. Rough Department Generate Kapan and issue that Kapan to the Cleaving Department. After cleaving diamond goes to Rough Assort, Lotting, Issue, and Manufacturing (Inside / outside), polish Checked, polish assortment. Polish Assort Department issue polished Diamonds to the Head Office.• During all this procedure inter department transaction done with Jangad. This entire Department maintains the record of its own Stock and Issue/Return Of their Employees and Inter Department Transaction or other department Record as well as manager and employees performance recorded. Production details which clearly traced on base of rough Diamond processed and also maintain the Out Standing list of each Department of the company.• The System captures the data of all transaction and produces Reports as and when needed by the Management of the Company. Different Reports can be created which helps the Managements in making various crucial and strategic decisions.Environment: .Net Framework, C#, ADO.Net, VB.Net, VB6.0, SQL SERVER.EDUCATIONMasters in Computer ApplicationsBangalore University - Bangalore, KarnatakaADDITIONAL INFORMATION TECHNICAL SKILLS• Languages: ASP, ASP.Net, C#.Net 2.0/3.5, VB.Net, SQL, PL/SQL, T-SQL• .Net: Net Framework 3.5/3.0/2.0, Win Forms, ADO.Net, .Net Class Libraries, WPF• Web technologies: ASP, XML, HTML, DHTML, CSS, AJAX, JQuery, LINQ• Scripting Languages: JavaScript, VB Script• Data Access: ADO.Net, ODBC and OLEDB• RDBMS: SQL Server 2000/2005/2008, Oracle 9i, MS Access 2007/2010• Web Server: IIS 5.0/5.1/6.0/7.0• IDE: Visual Studio.Net 2005/2008/2010, Visual Interdev, MS Front Page and Macromedia Dreamweaver MX • Version Control Tools: VSS• Reporting Tools: SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Crystal Reports• MS-Office: Outlook, Word, Excel and Power point• Utilities: DTS/SSIS/SSRS, MS Visio• Others: WPF, Telerik Controls• Operating Systems: Windows 7/Vista/XP/NT/2000, Windows 2003 Server, UNIX