Wesley StephensWeb Developer - Cyberdata TechnologiesAnchorage, AK - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Wesley-Stephens/bb2881ac0edee1beWORK EXPERIENCEWeb DeveloperCyberdata Technologies - Anchorage, AK - August 2014 to PresentWeb development in LAMP environment. Updating of web/app-servers to RHEL7.IS AnalystCook Inlet Housing Authority - Anchorage, AK - July 2010 to August 2014Maintenance/Development of external website (Drupal/MySQL/PHP/JS). Alfresco Administrator, Alfresco customizations/maintenance and upgrades. SQL Server report development, ASP.NET & Client/Server development. Great Plains, Business Portal, SharePoint and Yardi upgrade/support/maintenence. Desktop Support for 75+ users. Active Directory/Exchange maintenance. Support Windows XP, Vista, 7 and Server 2003-2008. Printers install, troubleshooting. Network Administration.Senior DeveloperFirst Community Services - Killeen, TX - February 2008 to July 2010Development of application in C# that connects over 230 branches to central file/application server(s). Application monitors for new customer orders, updates AS400 with customer data and makes appropriate entries in databases for tracking. Developed a desktop application for branch use that captures customers' picture, digital signature and order details, and then propagates this information to central server (AS400) and other internal databases (MySQL, SQL Server). Developed PHP/C# web services to interface with AS400 and third-party vendors to retrieve real-time account information for online banking and desktop applications. Wrote several interfaces (SOAP) for transmittal and retrieval of orders from card vendors (Personix, EFT Source). Setup internal email system, including designing schemas, using openLDAP and horde supporting 4000+ users. Implemented Active Directory single sign-on system for web based applications.Senior PHP developer.ContractorGreen Mountain Energy - Austin, TX - December 2007 to February 2008Development and maintenance of SQL Server/Oracle and VB/Web/Access development to facilitate maintenance of data including customer, billing, historical, ERCOT and promotional.Senior DeveloperAckerman-McQueen - Dallas, TX - October 2007 to December 2007Web/database development for external clients. Using AJAX, PHP, ASP, JavaScript & Coldfusion. Technical consultant on database design, web architecture and e-Commerce.Senior IS AnalystCore Techs Inc/TheStructureGroup/Calpine - Houston, TX - November 2005 to July 2007Application and computer support and monitoring. Development of custom reports, queries macros and utilities in VB, C# and VBScript/VBA. Heavy VBA with excel for Database queries, XML bid curve generation etc. Development of tools to aid in auto generating and publishing XML based files for use in Energy Market Bids & Queries, retrieval of LMP, monthly, yearly and dynamic date dependant reports for bills and statements￼to facilitate cross market reconciliation. Write views, packages and stored procedures in PL/SQL on Oracle 9i. Application support, including application in-house developed schemas, views procedures and tools. Installation and administration of vendor supplied patches, and releases. Settlements support for ERCOT, including data validation, reloading, troubleshooting and allocations. Trade floor, Oil & Gas application support. Extensive intranet site developed in ASP/PHP/MySQL that includes ad-hoc query capabilities, trouble ticket system, the ability to auto-post energy bids to the ISO secure portals, file-parser for generating XML files to feed into upstream systems.Dinner-And-A-Movie - System Engineer/DeveloperSan Antonio - Leander, TX - July 2004 to March 2007Design/Maintain/Development of web and desktop application(s) that provides real-time ordering with CC authorization. Custom designed 4000+ item MySQL inventory. All coding was done in PHP, with a modified fuse box methodology. Notification application written in VB.NET & C# provides real-time order notification via audio/visual alerts. Developed WAP interface to enable Windows CE and Blackberry based devices to access administrative functionality in real-time while en-route and from remote locations. Setup Wireless network for central office, installation of hardware/software. Developed transmittal system to receive, display and transmittal of XML and XSL based orders to and from various vendors.DeveloperDTSI @ Randolph AFB - San Antonio, TX - April 2005 to November 2005Maintenance and development of web application that provides In/Out Processing, Emergency Leave and related tasks for military personnel. Maintenance of SQL Server 7/2000 databases, creating stored procedures, as well as migration to SQL Server 2005. Upgrade of application to ASP.NET and C#. Provide 3rd tier problem resolution. VB/VBScript to generate reports and execute queries, generate XML for data transfer to other third- party systems.Technical AnalystAMDOCS - San Antonio, TX - August 2004 to April 2005Utilizing CTH's GetItRight tool, perform automation and transfer of information between legacy and web systems. Developed several plug-ins for GetItRight in VB.net, including a proprietary file parser, business date calculation and business rules logic analyzer. Developed reporting mechanism in MS Access to generate reports. Assisted in spec review/design and provided technical guidance on key areas such as plug-in architecture, web methodology and performance.VB ProgrammerTekSystems - San Antonio, TX - June 2004 to August 2004Screen scraping of IBM Reflection session for purposes of auto-populating web based forms, excel spreadsheets, Word docs and carryover to other system/interfaces. Determine feasibility of simplifying data entry via macros, standalone programs or active x controls.Systems AnalystMyDocOnline - Round Rock, TX - August 2001 to January 2004Manual and Automated functional, regression & UI development and testing of web-based application with Rational Robot and in house developed VB applications. Plan, develop and deploy test cases. Automated testing using Rational Robot. Review specifications, make technical recommendations on User Interface, logic and feasibility and evaluate system for ease of use as well as legal and HIPAA compliance. Development of intranet applications utilizing CSS, JSP, ASP and PHP with MySQL on top of Cold Fusion's fuse box architecture that included real time calendar, time reporting and vacation requests, integration of CVS with deployment checklist and chat client developed in PHP and MySQL. Developed internal client/servermessaging system in Visual Basic, supporting 128 bit encryption & mass messaging, one in Standalone Application form and one in the form of a web-based Active X control. Wrote custom SQL queries for drill-down reporting of defects for metrics and suitability of deployment. Recommended security measures for application, and perform security testing for possible backdoors, loopholes and information leaks both manually and utilizing Sanctum's AppScan. Trained users on use and capabilities of system. Co-lead on integrating Handheld PC devices into existing application for remote data collection. Evaluated various software applications and tools.Helpdesk TechnicianUnisys Corporation - Austin, TX - February 1998 to October 2001Internal and external support for 2500+ users worldwide. Supported, Win95, NT Workstation and Server. Lotus Notes, VPN and all office suites. Certified Domino Administrator. Trained new employees and functioned as SME for 3rd shift employees.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkillsWeb - PHP, ASP, ColdFusion, XML, XSL, JavaScript, iHTML, JSP, HTML, WebL, SOAP, Macromedia Fireworks & Dreamweaver, CSS, FrontPage, JSP, Apache, ASP.NET, VS 2005/2008Programming - VB, C#, VBA, VBScript, TSL, VB.NET, WebL, PL/SQL, PHP, Horde Customization, SOAP, SRSSApplications - Lotus Notes, Domino Server, MS Office, MS Access, Adobe Acrobat, IE, Netscape, Opera, Remedy, Tracker, HEAT, Outlook, Symantec Ghost, Quest SQL Navigator 4, openLDAP, WebMin, Wordpress, Media Wiki, AlfrescoVersion Control - CVS, StarTeam, VSS, Merant, Mercurial, SVNTesting/Automation - Mercury Winrunner & TestDirector, Sanctum AppScan, Rational Robot, OpenSTA, WebLoadOS - BeOS, Window3x-Server 2010, Linux( Red Hat, OpenSUSE, CentOS, etc )Database - MS Access, SQL Server 2000/2003/2005/2008, MySQL, Oracle, 8, 9iOther - HIPAA, In-Depth ISO Market Knowledge, Training, Customer Service, Technical Support, VPN, Networking & Hardware, LDAP, Active Directory, OpenFIRE, Records Management