Wesley RouseyNetwork Administrator - Haband CompanyMilledgeville, GA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Wesley-Rousey/59eab0344b55fb33 Seeking employment as a Network Administrator107 Old Mill Run, Milledgeville GA 31061 Wesley.Rousey@gmail.com 706.988.3001WORK EXPERIENCENetwork AdministratorHaband Company - Eatonton, GA - November 2011 to PresentMaintain and install networking equipment switches, routers, access points, kiosk, firewalls etc. Assist IT manager on designing planning and implementing CAPEX projects.Maintain and repair user desktops and various wireless RF equipment in the warehouse. Maintain supplies in warehouse and work with various vendors on pricing. Maintain IP/analog phone system based on Shortel. Maintain wireless phone system. Install and maintain desktop and network printers. Maintain user and system processes on WMS based on OS/400. Maintain and install all Microsoft servers. Offer remote support to other locations within the company scope. Maintain and install backup systems for Microsoft servers and WMS based on OS 400. Maintain security system access through Keyscan software by use of HID badges. Support network changes and updates to vlans through brocade and foundry switches. Maintain/troubleshoot phone and internet services for Distribution center through Juniper router and Shortel T1 switch. Also developed display Signage solution for corporate use by using RISE Vision software to create information displays throughout the warehouse.IT SpecialistGoebel Media Group - Milledgeville, GA - August 2009 to September 2010Maintained Goebel Media network. Organized and entered data for websites. Created email newsletters for businesses. Helped create database for Shop Local Milledgeville. Assisted in meetings with Digital Bridges and Goebel Media Group. Provided online support with clients of Goebel Media GroupLab TechnicianAthens Technical College - Elberton, GA - June 2007 to August 2009Primary contact for critical technology needs on Elberton campus. Maintained all lab, faculty, and staff computers and provided onsite support. Troubleshot computers and updated virus definitions through server roll-out. Collaborated with colleagues on Athens campus to complete projects such as installing routers, new computers, and setting up video conferencing systems. Helped set up computers, projectors, and other resources needed for meetings hosted on Elberton campus.Freelance Computer TechnicianElberton, GA - September 2006 to September 2008 April 2003 - present￼Repair PCs and laptops for residential users and businesses. Install and maintain networks and printers including those of government and locally-run agencies. Have built custom PCs for businesses and residential users. Remove viruses and malware. Set up email accounts. Replace parts on PCs and laptops. Maintained relationship with Star Granite Company of Elberton, Georgia for technical support. Experience in setting up wireless network tower for residential use.IT SpecialistThinkSo Inc - Elberton, GA - April 2004 to November 2005Worked with many companies implementing and maintaining networks. Created and designed custom databases for companies through Microsoft Access. Built and repaired computers and networks for residential customers and businesses. Installed and implemented telephone and internet for customers. Worked with local hospitals in Elberton, GA and also Greenwood, SC and government agencies by remotely maintaining their network, pc's and servers. Implemented Wireless network access for Grand Harbor Golf Course in Ninety Six, SC.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkillsCabling networks with cat5e fiberA+N+MCSETelephone punch downsWireless networking Cisco router installation, maintenanceBrocade and Foundry layer 2,3 switches installation and maintenance Juniper routers andfirewallsOS400/DB2Adobe PhotoshopCorel PaintGIMPMS Office Suite HTML/XHTMLShell scriptingMySQLLinux/UNIX Windows7/Vista/XP/Server2000, 2003, 2008Active DirectoryDNSSQLMicrosoft Exchange/ADSharepointMicrosoft DFSAmazon EC2LinuxAS400September 2008- 2011Studies focused on implementation and design of Microsoft networks, Active Directory, DNS, network administation and building and repairing PCs. MCSE/MCSA. Learned how to install and repair different Windows Operating Systems. Learned database skills using MYSQL and Microsoft SQL. Became proficient in the Microsoft Office Suite and basic HTML. Training and administration of Cisco switches and routers. Completed CCNA courses.Network Specialist, Associates Athens Technical College GPA 3.1