William Fujioka Software Developer - Deutsch IncLos Angeles, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/William-Fujioka/73f89f7d6b611418 To obtain a position as a software developerWORK EXPERIENCESoftware DeveloperDeutsch Inc - July 2014 to PresentResponsible for developing and maintaining back-end services for VW.com. - Technologies used: Java, Spring, Struts, Eclipse, some JQuery.- Learning Backbone.js, Underscore.js.Software DeveloperAlelo TLT Inc - August 2013 to July 2014Responsible for developing and maintaining an internal application that facilitate lesson creation for flagship product. Also worked on other projects if needed.- Technologies used: Java, JSF, Glassfish, Netbeans, C++.Software EngineerChrome River LLC - August 2012 to July 2013Responsible for developing and maintaining the back-end and front-end functionality for the company flagship product.Aid Faculty and Students- July 2010 to August 2012July 2010 - Aug 2012Work within the Web Services team. My tasks primarily consist of the following.- Help create and maintain a number of custom web applications (LAMP architecture) for internal use. - Maintenance of third party Applications i.e. Blackboard Learning Application.- Aid Faculty and Students with technical assistanceServer ProgrammerAvatar Reality LLC - November 2009 to May 2010Helped maintain and optimized an existing web application code that was created to manage member's assets. Coded in Adobe Flex 3 and Cake PHP.- Used Cake PHP framework for design and implementation.- Implemented the front end using Adobe Flex, Javascript and JQuery.- Used Ant script for deployment to different servers. - Used Subversion for version trackingApplication DeveloperAkimeka LLC - September 2007 to November 2009Working as a part of the JMEWS (Joint Medical Workstation) development team. My tasks primarily consist of Java Web Application Development.- Used Struts framework for design and implementation.￼- Used iBATIS as a persistence framework. - Worked with Oracle Database Server.- Used Perforce for version trackingWeb ProgrammerRising Tide LLC - January 2005 to September 2007Used Subversion for version trackingWorked on following web-based applications:Help create a Helpdesk application using Java to log details and track resolution of customer service calls. Implemented a Timesheet application that monitored working hours through web-based log-ins and produced timesheet reports for each employee- Used MVC model 1 for design and implementation for both Help Desk and Timesheet application.Worked as part of a development team as follows:Created a custom database for an application to track purchases and check-ins at a fitness center Designed and built a reservation system for a small hotel- Used Struts framework for design and implementation for the Fitness Center web application- Used Ruby On Rails framework for design and implementation of the Reservation application.Web Developer / Applications AdministratorHawaii Pacific University - March 2003 to May 2003Java Programmer IUniversity of Hawaii - February 2002 to May 2003Worked as part of a team to create a web-based inventory application. - Used Struts framework for design and implementation- Used Ant script for deployment- Implemented the front end using JSP, Javascript, and HTML.EDUCATIONBachelor of Science in Information and Computer SciencesUniversity of Hawaii at Manoa - Honolulu, HI 2003ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SUMMARY OF SKILLS:Programming Languages Miscellaneous Java, Ruby, PHPAdobe FlexDatabases MSSQL2000 MySQL PostgreSql OracleExperience with Servlets, Jakarta's Struts framework, Apache Tomcat Web Server/Servlet Container, JSP, Eclipse IDE, and Hibernate (ORM), Ruby on Rails, Flex Builder, PHP, Drools