Wojciech Krawczyk Software developerPittsburgh, PA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Wojciech-Krawczyk/d714e8c3429f6e68WORK EXPERIENCESoftware developerPSI Metals North America inc - Pittsburgh, PA - March 2014 to PresentDeveloping IT systems for metal plants in USA. Designing new and responsibilities developing existing modules using internal framework for desktop,pda and handheld devices. (mostly Java, PLSQL, JavaScript)Java developer and designerPSI Poland - Poznań, wielkopolskie - January 2012 to February 2014Developing IT systems for metal plants in Germany, Russia and responsibilities Poland. Designing new and developing existing modules usinginternal framework for desktop. (mostly Java, PLSQL)Location Poznań, Poland and Düsseldorf, Germany Implementation specialist / programmerSoftis - Poznań, wielkopolskie - February 2010 to December 2011- Designing and developing stand alone applications enhancingpossibilities of existing ERP systems. Building applications in allstages: research, design and development, deploy. Designing and building applications from data base level, to user interface(.NET, C#, MSSQL).- Application for merging ERP system with SAP (VBA).- Creating and modifying a number of reports using API from ERPsystem. (C#, ASP.NET).EDUCATIONInformation TechnologyUniversity of Adam Mickiewicz 2006 to 2012EconomicsUniversity of Economics in Poznań 2005 to 2006Information Technology and LanguagesJan Kasprowicz High School in Kutno 2002 to 2005￼ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONStrong:- OOD, Design Patterns, J2SE, EJB, VBA, HTML, CSS;Fresh or nearly forgotten:- .Net Framework: C#, C++, LINQ, ADO, ASP, Web Services, Ruby, JS; Tools:- Eclipse, Maven, SVN (subclipse + Tortoise), Hudson, Jira, Hora;DB:- PL SQL, MS SQL;Other- English - fluent, fully professional.- Focused on learning new skills and technologies.- High teamwork skills.- Stress resistance and ability to cope with the time pressure, as well as ability to set priorities.- Engagement in given tasks and high initiative.- Fields of interest: programming, politics, literature, photography, traveling, music, basketball.