Yue ZhangMS in Stanford Department of Statistics seeking programming and data-analysis opportunitiesStanford, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Yue-Zhang/038aadefd36bcbdb· Master of Science candidate at Stanford Department of Statistics.· Strengths include quantitative data analysis skills and object-oriented programming, experience in Java, C ++, Ruby, Javascript and R.· Seeking internship/full time positions in programming, data analysis and related area.WORK EXPERIENCEProject Experience in Computer ScienceComputer Science Department, Stanford University Engineering School - Stanford, CA - January 2015 to PresentCourse projects in Stanford Computer Science Department:• A random-writer built with k-order Markov model to analyze text data and generate a random text of specified length with similar style of the inputted data.• Dynamic programming projects: human-computer interactive game, cell phone mind-reading, stock-cutting solution provider.• Dynamic website building.• Implemented in C++ and Ruby on Rails.Data Mining and Relevance of Searching DocumentsDepartment of Statistics, Stanford Univeristy - Stanford, CA - August 2014 to August 2014• The target of the project is to identify relevant urls for a query for search engines to return relevant documents for search queries entered by users.• Six classifiers are tried for this purpose: Naïve Bayes, Decision Tree, K-Nearest Neighbor, Support Vector Machine, Random Forest and AdaBoosting with Decision Tree.• Support Vector Machine Classifier works best in the experiments, and a fine-tuning is conducted with expectation to improve its performance of prediction.InternAccenture - 北京市 - September 2013 to December 2013Gathered, analyzed, summarized and presented information for a strategic consulting project involving the design and development of one free trade zone in China, resulting in over 50 praised reports, Excel charts and PowerPointslides on general background, industry selection (using GE Matrix) and strategy recommendation.• Led a team of two people to research on digital economy, reported directly to Vice President with results adopted.Overseas InternChina Development Bank - 北京市 - August 2013 to September 2013Conducted research on municipality finance via German development banks basing on their annual reports and media releases, resulting report delivered to Premier of China as part of the project on financial reform in China.￼• Presented to more than 40 executives and senior professionals on East Asian studies in the United States, generatedwide interests and achieved firm personal relationship with over half of the audience through follow ups.EDUCATIONMaster of Science in Department of StatisticsStanford University - Stanford, CA 2015 to 2016BA in Chinese Language and LiteraturePeking University - 北京市 2007 to 2011SKILLSJava, C++, Ruby on Rails, R