Aaron AdomakoLaborer - Center For Employment Opportunities, RochesterRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Aaron-Adomako/d5f780114549effbWORK EXPERIENCELaborerCenter For Employment Opportunities, Rochester - March 2014 to PresentLifting 50 to 100 lbs. consecutively.• Carrying cement blocks, tools, and mud for foundation masonry construction.Janitorial WorkerSheen and Shine Inc. - Rochester, NY - March 2014 to PresentRochester, New YorkJanitorial, March 2014-Present• Cleaning and maintaining RG&E worksite. Employee bathrooms, workarea, and customer service area.Light Maintenance/LandscapingCenter For Employment Opportunities, Rochester - New York, NY - February 2014 to Present TCP Construction, Rochester, New YorkEnvironmental ServicesStrong Memorial Hospital - Rochester, NY - January 2010 to July 2010Handled and maintained the hospital trash room• Cleaned patients bedrooms(cleaned floors and wiped and sanitized the area) • Dust mopped and mopped lobby and hallways• Cleaned and sanitized employee and visitor bathrooms• Also cleaned, vacuumed, and maintained employee offices• Temporary employment through the employment storeTemporary jobKodak - Rochester, NY - 2009 to 2009 through The Employment Store.Industrial ManufacturingMagnum Shielding Inc - Pittsford, NY - June 2008 to August 2008Building brake cables for motorcycles.• Cutting the cables to a specific length.• Testing the cables and packaging them.• Summer work during college break. .WaitstaffSt. Ann's Community - Rochester, NY - 2005 to 2007Served and assisted the elderly residents according to their specific needs. • Handled stocking and assisted in cleaning up stations.￼EDUCATIONHigh School DiplomaTompkins Cortland Community College - Rochester, NY 2007ADDITIONAL INFORMATION" SkillsSmall Engines- Disassemble a 4 cycle/2 cycle engine- Removing and inspecting parts and also testing engine for usabilityCarpentry/Woodworking- General woodworking skills (using Router and Belt Sander)- Interior walls and ceiling (Drywall)- Siding (Measure, identify, and install siding)- Interior doors (install pre-hung door unit, install lockset, measure, fit and install door casing)- General woodworking skills (cut wood to length, and taper using portable saw, demonstrate safe use of compound miter saw, and drilling using portable drill)- Floor and Wall Framing (Cut components of exterior and interior stud wall and assembling)- Carpenters Helper (cut material to size, select dimension lumber, cut wood to size using portable circular saw, drill holes using portable electric drill, install fasteners using electric screw gun)