Alyssa Conn Benefits Access CoordinatorRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Alyssa-Conn/17bf1ebf333dde5cWORK EXPERIENCENanny/House ManagerO'Malley Family - Fairport, NY - 2008 to PresentI was responsible for the care of two toddlers, and all their activities on a full time basis for 3 years. As the kids have gotten older I have become their after school care provider. I also managed the household in regards to the children's needs.Volunteer Experience/MembershipsCommunity OrganizerNew Voice Strategies - Rochester, NY - August 2014 to January 2015ResponsibilitiesReach out to community members and Rochester City School members to formulate an online forum discussing the use of time in the class room.Benefits Access CoordinatorAmeriCorps VISTA - New York, NY - March 2013 to March 2014Revised comprehensive, community-based benefits access plans for community and faith-based organizations.• Gained significant knowledge in SNAP participation and enrollment.• Updated multi-media outreach tools (print, web-based tools) to inform community about USDA benefit programs• Offered SNAP trainings in Foodlink's service area (30 trainings, over 100 people trained to date).• Recruited, managed, and trained unpaid community volunteers to conduct screening and application assistance and to develop local, culturally competent USDA program outreach and application assistance materials and related trainings to community-based organizations. This included both skill-based and direct service volunteers.• Created new monthly reporting tool for volunteers to record hours and activities spent on SNAP outreach including number of pre-screenings and applications assisted.• Managed Foodlink's Farmers Market from June 2013-September 2013.• Assisted in managing the community garden project and Lexington Ave farm. Included the construction of new gardens, and the maintenance of existing gardens.• Responsible for photographing all gardens.• Established good working relationships with the community agencies and local farmers.• Assisted in running Foodlink's Curbside Market. Responsible for distribution of produce, and customer relations.Freelance PhotographerRochester, NY - 2010 to 2011Worked on the Safe Journey Fundraising Event• Worked as an event photographer for weddings [add others in]￼VPI Packaging - New York, NY - 2010 to 2011Photographed products for health and beauty industry. • Carried out complex studio lighting• Created entire website catalogLifeguardRochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY - 2007 to 2009I was responsible for general maintenance of the facilities, as well as care of the patrons.Lifelong Girl Scout- 2006 to 2006 2006Good Beginnings Volunteer- 2006 to 20064 years.L2 Food Worker Training Program Certified.Skills/Technology:I am proficient in Microsoft Office, Adobe, Outlook, and many others. I have experience with auditing, invoices and other general office duties.EDUCATIONBFA in Photographic IllustrationRochester Institute of Technology 2012Londonderry Senior High Schoolgeneral educationlocal Technology College