David MaximValet Park of America - Vintage RestaurantVictor, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/David-Maxim/1a0ab752b6c8670dWORK EXPERIENCEValet Park of AmericaVintage Restaurant - Springfield, MA - 2004 to Present MAValet Manager Rochester General Hospital (Irondequoit, NY), Finger Lake's Gaming and Casino (Farmington, NY), Vintage Restaurant (West Roxbury, MA), Metro West Hospital, Leonard Morse (Natick, MA), Gunstock Mt. (Laconia, NH).* Responsible for developing leads and gaining new accounts in the Rochester, NY area.* Instrumental in coordinating, developing, consulting and acquiring accounts such as: Harro East Ballroom, Radisson Riverside Hotel Rochester, Rochester General Hospital.* Developed lead, consulted with management, and generated information for proposal to New York Wine and Culinary Center, Canandaigua, NY.* Manage Commercial Accounts/ Deposits.* Professional and Courteous Customer Service.* Manage a Staff of Twelve Employees, Responsible to Hire, Train, Schedule and managing employee development.* Efficient Handling of Incidents and Accidents.* Daily Cash Handling including Tip Cash Out/ Weekly Totals.Store ManagerA.L.Prime - Leominster, MA - 2003 to 2004Managed Day to Day Operations* Professional and Courteous Customer Service* Managed a Staff of five Employees, Responsible to Hire, Train, Schedule and Discipline * Responsible for OrderingSales (HiltonJSJ Marketing - Malden, MA - 2003 to 2003Dedham, F1 Boston, MA Mt. Green Resort (NH)* Promoted Fortune 500 Companies Selling Coupon Booklets designed to attract customers to the business allowing for other goods and services to be purchased.* Managed a Staff of Four Employees, Responsible to Hire, Train, Schedule and DisciplineEDUCATIONBachelors of Science in Sports ManagementSouthern New Hampshire University 2012Salem State College 2000 to 2003￼ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONQualificationsHighly motivated sales associate concentrating in developing and finalizing leads to gain business. Focuses on client relationships with a special concern for customer service. Specialize in Solving Customer Problems with an Immediate Impact; Solutions to Advance Customer Relations; Effective Hiring and Training of New Employees; Excellent Oral and Written Communication Skills; Committed to Develop and Provide a Unique Mix of Skills; Flexible With Strong Interpersonal Skills; Organizational and Time Management Skills; Demonstrated Ability to Work With All Levels; Easily Adaptable in Rapidly Changing Environment; Resourceful and Creative.