Desiree MejiaSouth Gate, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Desiree-Mejia/32a10eeaf8e32bd7I'm open for new jobs to gain new experience. However, I do have customer service, cashier, and food prep experience.WORK EXPERIENCEcashierTarget - South Gate, CA - March 2015 to PresentResponsibilitiesMy main responsibility is working as cashier but I also cross trained in the fitting room and as a food prep at the Target Cafe.AccomplishmentsAs a cashier, I'm the last person our guest sees before leaving our store. So I make sure too always have a positive attitude, let our guest know of any deals or savings on items throughout our store, Target cartwheel app or the additional savings if they apply for the Target REDcard. I make sure or guest have a great experience and leave extremely satisfied that they chose Target.As a fitting room assistant, I helped guest get the chance to try on any clothing items they are interested in to make sure its their right size and fit. I also folded clothes and put them back on hangers to maintain a neat and well organized area.Finally, as a food prep, I helped organized everything prior to keep a fast paced motion. Maintained cleanliness, and give our guests a tasty experience.Skills Used-Fast paced -Cleanliness-bag items-offer REDcard -assist guest-locate merchandise -prepared food -answer phoneCustomer Services RepresentativeFamily Dollar - South Gate, CA - August 2013 to July 2014ResponsibilitiesDuring the time I worked here my main responsibility was operating the cash register. Occasionally, I worked the floor and assisted on unloading the trucks.AccomplishmentsMy accomplishments consisted of-charging customers quickly and swiftly-memorizing the products we sold and where they were located-built up my communication skills in both English and Spanish-being able to finish different duties throughout the store within a timely fashion￼-successfully assisting customers with any comments, questions or concernsSkills Used-maintaining store's appearance-stocked shelves and faced items-assisting customers-sweeping-mopping-dusting of shelves-putting up displays-answered the telephone with store's greeting -utilizing price gun-prepare/fix damagesEDUCATIONHigh School DiplomaOdyssey High School - South Gate, CA 2008 to 2012