Francisco SantiagoRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Francisco-Santiago/ab0c28e33c080507WORK EXPERIENCEJ Basic Home Maintenance - October 2013 to PresentResponsibilities:• Basic plumbing• Basic electrical• Basic remodeling • Some carpentry • Dry wall work• Painting• Basic Floor installmentSelf employed - Rochester, NY - October 2013 to Present Rochester, NY October /2013- PresentResponsibilities:• Clean, polish and disinfect assigned areas, furnishings and fixtures in patient/resident rooms and common areas.• Periodically clean widows, walls, ceilings and doors.• Use dry mop, wet mop, broom or vacuum to clean floors, routinely and when incidents occur.• Clean, sanitize and stock in bathrooms in patient/resident and public areas.• Discard trash, medical waste and recycling.• Mix, properly use and dispose of cleaning chemicals.• Move furniture, equipment and supplies as necessary.ManagerDiversified LLC - Chicago, IL - October 2012 to October 2013 October /2012- October /2013Responsible:• Managed 15 janitorial staff located in various departments.• Created and maintained work schedules for 15 Individuals.• Coordinated equipment repair, maintenance, and custodial activities. • Recruited and Interviewed candidates with specific skills sets.• Counseled employees on performances issues when needed.District ManagerMatrix LLC - Johnson City, NY - December 2005 to October 2012Responsible:• Interviewed and referred candidates to Human Resource for interviews.• Responsible for payroll of 212 employees.• Hiring and orientation training of new environmental services staff members. • Ensured and maintained customer satisfaction within organization.￼• Performed and walked through inspections with customer to evaluate quality of services.SupervisorHighland Living center - Pittsford, NY - May 1998 to December 2005Responsibilities:• Complied with applicable organizational policies and procedures(ie: mandatory education, health requirements, Human Resources requirements).• Worked to improve performances relative to the system's organizational goals.• Communicated with residents and floor staff to identify improvement opportunities and improve satisfaction scores.• Reported to management any damage or malfunctioning equipment.• Participated in departmental meetings and adheres to policies & procedures designated by the department and organization.EDUCATIONRush Henrietta School 1991ADDITIONAL INFORMATION :Fluent in both English/Spanish.Certified Nursing Assistant Training-1998 (Highland Living Center)