Head CashierHEAD CASHIER - THE HOME DEPOTBoerne, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Head-Cashier/0963e33afbbe0beeI am currently preparing to take the National Registry to earn my complete certification and licensure as an EMT-Basic. All of my background has beed focused around retail/customer service and experience within the medical field. I have had training as a CNA and I also held a certification as a Pharmacy Technician. I have a current and up to date CPR certification. I am eager to learn at any position and think of all things as opportunities and learning experiences.WORK EXPERIENCEHEAD CASHIERTHE HOME DEPOT - Boerne, TX - May 2014 to PresentMy duties as head cashier at The Home Depot include handling money when opening the registers in the morning and when closing all the registers at night. I also supervise the cashiers and lot loaders to make sure that things on the front end run smoothly and things stay clean and grand opening ready as well as assuring that all customers receive top notch service.BARISTA, SAllissa Deckelman806-368-1908 amd1026@gmail.com 150 Medical Drive Apartment 2308 Boerne, Tx 78006baristaTARBUCKS - Boerne, TX - November 2013 to May 2014at Starbucks included handling money at the cash registers, both inside and at the drive thru, making drinks and preparing cafe pastries, and maintaining cleanliness throughout the store and making sure all customers received the best customer service that I am able to provide.CASHIERPET SUPPLIES PLUS - Kerrville, TX - April 2013 to December 2013At Pet Supplies Plus my duties were handling money at the registers, maintaining cleanliness of the store, restocking shelves, maintaining animals, and providing excellent customer service to everyone that walked into the store.EDUCATIONBiology/ MarketingSchriener University 2011 to 2013High School DiplomaFrenship High School 2011ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Skills￼The majority of my work experience lies within the retail spectrum. I have been working in retail since the age of 16 and have become proficient in sales as well as operating most POS systems and cash registers. My most current position as head cashier at The Home Depot has given me supervisory experience as well to where I am able to organize breaks/lunches and am able to efficiently delegate tasks such as facing/sizing products and cleaning to make sure that everything looks "good enough for a grand opening."