J David BredersonSchool Bus Driver - Brockport Central School DistrictBrockport, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/J-David-Brederson/5a2d19ba223e40a0 Over 24 years technical service support with a strong focus on customer satisfaction.WORK EXPERIENCESchool Bus DriverBrockport Central School District - Brockport, NY - July 2014 to PresentCDL B• Safely transport students to and from school daily. ER Associates, East Rochester, NYPrecise Tool and Manufacturing. Inc.Machinist ApprenticePrecise Tool and Manufacturing - Gates, NY - January 2014 to May 2014Daily operation of Mazak or Haas CNC milling machine. • Daily inspection and hand finishing of milled parts.CNC Machinist ApprenticeshipER Associates - East Rochester, NY - July 2013 to December 2013600 hours combined on line coursework and hands on training in a machine shop.• Trained on manual Bridgeport mill and Clausing manual lathe.• Trained on CNC Haas lathe and Haas and Mazak mills..• Blueprint reading, GD&T, inspection processes using gage pins, blocks, calipers and micrometers. • Trained on and used G&M code programming.OCM Technical, Henrietta, NYElectro Mechanical Technician/Image Quality SpecialistOCM Technical - Henrietta, NY - September 2005 to July 2012Lead color technical specialist.• Re-manufacture of mid-volume digital color presses.• Final test of finished products using Creo, Fiery and DocuSp print servers.• Instrumental in process development, implementation and ongoing improvement.• Refurbish print servers, reload operating systems and trouble-shoot print quality issues. • Installation/problem-resolution of finished product on customer site.Xerox Corporation, Rochester, NYSenior Customer Service EngineerXerox Corp. - Rochester, NY - September 1987 to August 2005Diagnosed and repaired mid-volume copiers and networked printers.• Consistently resolved customer inquiries, issues and complaints in a professional and timely manner.• Effectively managed a parts inventory to increase company revenue by improving machine reliability.• Used a call-handling program to manage daily activity, as well as documented service call activity.￼• Looked for opportunities to improve work processes to meet level of service performance and/or improve productivity.• Effectively worked and interacted with team members, management, sales force and externalcustomers.CorporalUnited States Marine Corps - Kāne‘ohe Bay, HI - August 1983 to May 1987Supervision of lower ranking marines in an electronics repair shop.• Responsible for troubleshooting and repair of radio communication systems. • Top secret security clearance.