Jackie Merritt CUSTOMER SERVICERowlett, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jackie-Merritt/f7a57c29c3dc8dcbCustomer Service Representative - Client Relations - Data EntryHighly enthusiastic customer service professional with [4] years client interface experience.Data Entry specialist adept at developing and maintaining databases. Certified in 10-key and highly skilled at creating effective organizational and filing systems.Medical Data Entry Clerk proficient in medical billing, coding and transcription. Billing and payment processing expertise with [45] WPM typing speed.Energetic, results-oriented team-player eager to bring strong administrative skills to a growing company in need of top-level support.Self-motivated administrative professional with extensive experience overseeing medical office operations.Self-motivated administrative professional with extensive experience overseeing medical office operations.Core StrengthsStrong organizational skills Active listening skills Sharp problem solver Energetic work attitudeOrder processingTime management Spreadsheet management Strong interpersonal skills Customer service-oriented Multi-line phone proficiency Administrative support specialistSchedule management Schedule management Patient chartingWORK EXPERIENCECashierTarget - Rowlett, TX - November 2014 to PresentResponsibilities Cashier an Cust/serviceCUSTOMER SERVICESUMMIT - Richardson, TX - March 2006 to April 2010Excelled in exceeding daily credit card application goals.Ensured superior customer experience by addressing customer concerns, demonstrating empathy and resolving problems on the spot.Promptly responded to general inquiries from members, staff, and clients via mail, e-mail and fax.Verified that information in the computer system was up-to-date and accurate.Eliminated outdated records by sending the records to be scanned.￼Eliminated outdated records by sending the records to be scanned.Organized billing and invoice data and prepared accounts receivable and expected revenue reports for controllers.Created new orders in the Laboratory Inventory Management System (LIMS).Verified and logged in deadlines for responding to daily inquiries.Verified and logged in deadlines for responding to daily inquiries.Verified and logged in deadlines for responding to daily inquiries.Coordinated meetings with other department managers and served as main liaison between sales and engineering staff.Coordinated meetings with other department managers and served as main liaison between sales and engineering staff.Created databases and spreadsheets to improve inventory management and reporting accuracy.