James Burke-Roberts Machine Cleaner/Washer - Admar SupplyRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/James-Burke-Roberts/8c9d8c2bf342cfaaExcellent Machine Washer focused on increasing production, minimizing equipment downtime and costs and maximizing overall efficiency. Reliable, flexible and excels in a fast-paced environment. Work well independently or with others as a team. Seeking position with growth opportunities.WORK EXPERIENCEDriverZiebart - Rochester, NY - June 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesI pick up cars from dealerships and bring them back to our location to get work done to them and I drop them offAccomplishmentsI've accomplished many things such as learning how to undercoat a vehicle and to detail a vehicle tooMachine Cleaner/WasherAdmar Supply - Rochester, NY - June 2013 to May 2014l Operate machinery, or assist machine operators.l Made sure that products are cleaned on time and are of good quality.l Examine products to verify conformance to quality standards.l Observe equipment operations so that malfunctions can be detected, and notify operators of any malfunctions.l Count finished products to determine if product orders are complete.l Help production workers by performing duties of lesser skill, such as supplying or holding materials or tools, or cleaning work areas and equipment.l Made sure that products are cleaned on time and are of good quality.Machine operatorKelly Services-Bausch & Lomb - Rochester, NY - October 2011 to November 2012l Set up machines to polish, bevel, edge, or grind lenses, flats, blanks, or other precision optical elements.l Select lens blanks, molds, tools, and polishing or grinding wheels, according to production specifications.l Inspect lens blanks to detect flaws, verify smoothness of surface, and ensure thickness of coating on lenses. l Remove lenses from molds and separate lenses in containers for further processing or storage.Dietary AideThe Highlands at Brighton - Rochester, NY - April 2008 to October 2011l Provide the highest level of service to patience's.l Read meal tickets and perform with speed and accuracy.l Serves food according to specific diets and delivers meals to dining room and or patience rooms. l Cleans and sanitizes work areas, utensils and equipment according to sanitation guidelines.l Complete dish room tasks to clean and sanitize dishes.￼EDUCATIONHigh School Diploma in EngineeringMonroe Community College - Rochester, NYnursingRochester Educational Opportunity Center (REOC) - Rochester, NY 2014 to 2015College PreparatoryNorthwest College - Rochester, NY 2010ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkillsl Quick learner l Fast and efficient workerl Organized multi-tasker l Computer proficientl Accustomed to shift work l Strong Algebra and general math skills