Jamie WordenHenrietta, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jamie-Worden/b961ef291972c094WORK EXPERIENCETruck DriverVarious Companies - February 2013 to PresentChecked vehicles to ensure that mechanical, safety and emergency equipment is in good condition. • Collected delivery instructions from appropriate sources, verifying instructions and routes.• Reported vehicle defects, accidents, traffic violations, or damage to the vehicle.• Secured cargo for transport, using ropes, blocks, chains, binders, or covers.MechanicU.S. Army - June 2008 to February 2013Repaired and replaced damaged or worn parts.• Cleaned, lubricated and performed other routine maintenance work on equipment and vehicles.• Tested mechanical products and equipment after repair or assembly to ensure proper performance and compliance with manufacturer's specifications.• Control inventory of Lubrication and Hazardous Material product supply. Ensured proper product was issued out according to vehicle part requirements.Truck DriverVarious Trucking Companies - July 2005 to June 2008Checked vehicles to ensure that mechanical, safety and emergency equipment is in good condition.• Maintained logs or working hours or of vehicle service or repair status, following applicable state and federal regulations.• Reported vehicle defects, accidents, traffic violations, or damage to the vehicle.• Drove trucks to weigh stations before and after loading and along routes to document weights and to comply with state regulations.MechanicU.S. Marine Corps - October 2000 to October 2004Repaired and replaced damaged or worn parts.• Cleaned, lubricated and performed other routine maintenance work on equipment and vehicles.• Moved controls to drive gasoline, diesel and electric powered trucks, cars or tractors and transport materials between loading, processing, and storage areas.• Positioned lifting devices under, over, or around loaded pallets, skids, or boxes and secure material or products for transport to designated areas.SKILLSoperate various types of forklifts, data entry, customer service, inventory control, parts ordering, shipping / receiving, operate front end loader, vibratory roller, loading and unloading trucks, operate excavatorsAWARDSArmy Good Conduct Medal￼June 2011Marine Corps Good Conduct MedalOctober 2003Army Achievement MedalNovember 2010Meritorious service while assigned as a wheeled vehicle mechanic for Golf Company 2-32. SPC. Worden's tireless work ethic, leadership abilities and automotive knowledge contributed to the operational readiness and training success of Golf Company 2nd Battalion 32 Field Artillery Regiment. SPC. Worden demonstrated a true mission first itude and his professionalism brings great credit upon himself, the "Proud Americans" Battalion, the 4th Infantry Brigade Combat Team, the 1st Infantry Division and the United States Army.Army Achievement MedalMay 2010For exceptional meritorious achievement in the improvement of the working conditions for the battalion motor pool. SPC Worden's hard work and dedication were instrumental in the sustainment operations of the battalion. His performance of duty is in keeping with the finest military service and reflects great credit upon himself, the "Proud Americans" Battalion, and the United States Army.