Jason PostCommercial Carpenter at D'Agostino General Contractors IncRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jason-Post/08a5be909dc6bb7bHard working, dependable individual with 4 years experience with set-up and operation of cnc mills using FANUC controls. Team player with good organization skills. Exceptional analytical capabilities, problem solving and communication skills, both written and verbal. • Proficient in ability to read and understand blueprints. • Proper knowledge of machine use and safety. • Ability to maintain quality of product by changing offsets and/or tools during production. • Accurately maintaining tolerances of +/- .0001 thousandths of an inch using calipers, micrometers, bore gauges, etc. • Experience in the use of quality control using ISO.WORK EXPERIENCECommercial CarpenterD'Agostino General Contractors Inc - 2010 to PresentResponsible for various commercial carpentry projects. Task included framing, hanging and finishing drywall, installing doors, acoustical ceilings, and form carpentry.In House CarpenterCannon Industries Inc - 2010 to 2010As an in house carpenter I performed various tasks such as, framing, drywall, painting, hanging doors, installing tile, insulation, as well as performing maintenance throughout their three buildings.Maintenance TechnicianKenrick Maintenance Inc - 2009 to 2010Responsible for property maintenance for various condominium developments throughout the area. Task included drywall repairs, siding installation and repair, window and door replacement, deck installation and repair, painting, and other various maintenance request and home improvements. Responsible for the estimation of work needed to be done and materials needed for job, also communicating and scheduling with customers on how job will be done and when.• Demonstrated initiative by taking lead on critical projects such as overseeing total renovation of a flooded condominium on time and below budget. Tasks performed included, drywall; painting, kitchen cabinet installation, hardwood floors, and base mold and trim around window and doors.• Quickly earned reputation for superior quality and attention to detail• Oversaw a crew of 2 men on the repair and building of several decks well under the time allowed and within budget, to exceed supervisor's expectations.Drywall Specialist and Acoustical CarpenterPro-Max Unlimited - 2007 to 2009Responsible for hanging and finishing drywall as well as installing acoustical ceiling grid in residential and commercial construction.• Lead supervisor of 2 to 3 man crew on hanging and finishing drywall on residential projects.Took initiative to want to learn how to install acoustical ceiling grid while later being promoted to lead person in that divisioncompany my partner and I completed several projectsHarpo Construction - 2006 to 2007￼such as: • Contracting with Sears on several siding projects as well as completing several of our own. • Complete tear off and re roof of over 10 roofs.• Completed 2 major additions in the price range of $10,000 to $15,000• Also installing hardwood floors for clientsSun room InstallerPatio Enclosures Inc - 2003 to 2006Responsible for installation of 2,3and 4 season rooms as well as solariums and occasionally building decks. • Went from helper to installer within 1 month of employment where I was then responsible for me and 1 other guy to build sun rooms• Exceeded monthly expectations regularly• Outstanding attendance record throughout employment with company, even having perfect attendance my last year with companyCNC OperatorDanfoss Maneorup Ltd - Atlanta, GA - 2001 to 2002Operation of cnc mills using FANUC controls.• Operated cnc mills while keeping production parts in tolerances of +/- .0001 thousandths of an inch by measuring and changing offsets and tools as needed.• Responsible for setting up and verifying that first piece production part is within tolerance according to prints and responsible for all paperwork pertaining to ISO 9000.CNC OperatorRockwood/Emory Machine & Tool - Rochester, NY - 1996 to 1999Set up and operation of cnc mills using FANUC controls.• Responsible for placing cutting tools in machine and verifying that first piece production part is within tolerance according to prints and responsible for all paperwork pertaining to ISO 9000.• Operated cnc mills while keeping production parts in tolerances of +/- .0001 thousandths of an inch by measuring and changing offsets and tools as needed.• Acted on the committee that implemented ISO 9000 in the company.