Jermaine Jacobs Model EmployeeRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jermaine-Jacobs/6b94c0bd6aae73e9{Driver/Helper/Warehouse} dedicated to being a team player and superb communicator while building strong working relationships within the company and with vendors and customers. I'm also looking forward to building a future career and maintaining a proper sense of maturity to become a model employee for the company.WORK EXPERIENCEdelivery non- cdl driverExpress tire - Rochester, NY - May 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesI deliver tires for Dunn tire. I have a dedicated route from Rochester to Pennsylvania 5 days a week from 6am until 2:30 pm. I service a vast amount of customers from small mom and pop auto shops to major car dealers such as Ford, BMW, dodge, ect. I also work in the warehouse doing various projects and warehouse duties.AccomplishmentsWith my prior customer service experience it has gain me personal and professional respect throughout the community and outside of my community. I have gotten numerous calls from customers saying how pleased they were with the professionalism that they experience with me. An how I maintained and represented the company to the up most.Skills UsedMaintained clean driving record , excellent customer service, peoples person, some forklift experience.reprogramer/cleanerManpower staffing - Rochester, NY - August 2013 to September 2013Worked an assignment for Time Warner Cable reprograming and cleaning Dvrs and digital cable boxesDriver/ HelperValue City Furniture - Henrietta, NY - March 2006 to June 2013Transported deliveries locally.Safely loaded and unloaded deliveries according to size of load and content description. Managed discrepancy documentation for incoming shipments.Submitted all delivery documentation in a timely manner.Maintained a daily, legible DOT log book and submitted corresponding documents.Reported all accidents, damage and malfunctions involving company equipment to management. Inspected the truck for defects and safe operating condition before, during and after trips. Operated delivery vans in accordance with company safety policies and procedures.Established and maintained excellent customer relationships.Correctly marked invoices and clearly noted returns and shorts.Environmental Services/Patient TransportRochester General Hospital - Rochester, NY - April 2004 to February 2005Worked overnights cleaning and floor care duties.Transported Patients to various specialist throughout the hospital.￼EDUCATIONHigh School DiplomaAndrews High School - Andrews, SC 2000ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SkillsOrganizedDefensive driver trainingSafe driver in adverse conditions* Very Fast learner to whatever task is at hand* Very responsible and reliable* Take pride in everything I do* HardworkerReferences~John Galiotti- [...] Value City Furniture Allison [...] Value City FurnitureRyan [...] TireJustin Marple or [...] City Furniture