John Kennedy-King Management - ARBY'SBrockport, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/John-Kennedy-King/57afaee25861791f• I am looking to further my career opportunities and showcase my many abilities and talents.• Through my abilities and skills I am looking to find a position that can offer me worthier pay opportunity.WORK EXPERIENCESALES REPERSENTIVERising Star Marketing and Management - June 2014 to PresentPromotes, sells and secures orders from existing and prospective customers through a relationship-based approach.• Demonstrates products and services to existing/potential customers.• Establishes, develops and maintains business relationships with current customers and prospective customers in the assigned territory or market segment to generate new business for the organization's products and services.• Makes telephone calls and in-person visits and presentations to existing and prospective customers. • Expedites the resolution of customer problems and complaints.• Identifies advantages and compares organization's products and services.MANAGERARBY'S - August 2011 to PresentBackline cook (preparing food for customers)• Register (handling money, interacting with the patrons, handling any customer service needs)• Truck (Inventory control, unloading truck, loading freezer, cooler, and dry storage)• Drive thru ( handling money, made sure patrons needs are met in a timely and respectable manner • Counting down cash register drawers• Maintain daily paper work.Sales AgentARBY'S - July 2014 to November 2014Ensure that customer has full product knowledge• Conduct extraordinary customer service• Answer all questions/objections the customers have • Close sale• Train new sales agentsYARD WORKERCOUNTRY CONSTRUCTION - May 2011 to August 2011Used hand tools, such as shovels, rakes, pruning saws, saws, hedge or brush trimmers, or axes.• Mow or edge lawns, using power mowers or edger's.• Provide proper upkeep of sidewalks, driveways, parking lots, fountains, planters, burial sites, or other grounds features. Maintain or repair tools, equipment, or structures, such as buildings, greenhouses, fences, or benches.￼EDUCATIONAthletic TrainingSUNY BROCKPORT July 2009 to August 2011Regents Diploma in StateBURGARD HIGHSCHOOL - New York, NY September 2004 to June 2009ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkills & AbilitiesMANAGEMENT• Timely and punctual on attendance• Consistently perform 10 steps of quality customer service• Demonstrates and promotes teamwork• Completes required paperwork accurately and timely per company standards• Creates a safe environment for the store• Make and maintain deli products in accordance with health regulations and company standards • Operate all assigned equipment (register, fuel console, etc.) safely and efficiently• Complete all other store tasks and activities assigned by your store managerLEADERSHIP• Making split second decisions for the team, making sure everything and everyone stays on task• Captain of my high school Football and Track and Field teams• Leadership is a huge part of my overall management experience. I've experienced working with a team, putting them into positions so that our work performance is effective and efficient.COMMUNICATION• Being in a management position I have developed superb communication skills. I've handled customer complaints ensuring that the customer was satisfied, and will visit the store in the future. I've also handle shipment orders, making sure everything has been shipped and will arrive on time.BUILDING MAINTANCE• Performs a variety of minor carpentry, minor electrical, plumbing, cement masonry or HVAC preventative maintenance repairs and new construction projects.• Repairs interior walls, finishes, and minor flooring damage.• Assists as directed in the operation and maintenance of mechanical systems such as: heating, ventilation, air conditioning, steam system, automatic temperature control, electrical, water filtration and treatment systems; operates motorized lifts and equipment, as needed.• Ability to read and understand construction, electrical and equipment blueprints and schematics.• Knowledge of the proper use of specialized departmental equipment including those used in the plumbing, electrical, HVAC and general carpentry trades.• Strong communication skills and ability to build effective working relationships with staff, customers and others.