Kevon CallwoodHouston, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kevon-Callwood/bb17a284bdbe83e3WORK EXPERIENCECashierTarget - Houston, TX - October 2012 to PresentResponsibilities• Cashier• Customer Service • Stocking• Employee training • Inventory• Answering PhoneMedical BillerComprehensive Therapeutic Solution Center - Houston, TX - April 2012 to April 2012• Billing & Coding• Pulling and filing patient files• Updating patient data• Scheduling and rescheduling appointments• Scanning medical documents• Preparing documentation to be taken away to be shredded.Wholesale Sales Representative￼Innovative Business ManagementResponsibilities• Sales• Customer Service • Employee training • Checking inventorySkills Used• Customer Service • Employee trainingInternship- Houston, TX - January 2012 to February 2012Lloyd's Health Care Services - Houston, TX - August 2011 to August 2011Answered telephones, and direct calls to appropriate staff.• Scheduled and confirmed patient diagnostic appointments, surgeries and medical consultations.• Greeted visitors, ascertain purpose of visit, and direct them to appropriate staff.• Operated office equipment such as voice mail messaging systems, scanners, fax machine and use Ms word processing, spreadsheet, and other software applications to prepare reports, invoices, financial statements, letters, case histories and medical records.• Complete insurance and other claim forms.•Interview patients to complete documents, case histories, and forms such as intake and insurance forms.• Receive and route messages and documents such as laboratory results to appropriate staff.• Scanned, compile and record medical charts, reports, and correspondence. • Transmit correspondence and medical records by mail, e-mail, or fax.• Maintain medical records, technical library and correspondence filesEDUCATIONMedicalEverest Institute - Houston, TX January 2011 to August 2011High School DiplomaHome School - Houston, TX January 2006 to December 2010