Ladonia Hawkins Nanny - Timothy MosmannRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ladonia-Hawkins/a07287d18b09812bAccomplished and energetic teaching abilities with a solid history of achievement in education. Motivated leader with strong organizational and prioritization abilities. Areas of expertise includes, assisting with day to day activities, meal preparation and classroom management.WORK EXPERIENCENannyTimothy Mosmann - Pittsford, NY - September 2006 to PresentPerform first aid or cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) when required.• Help prepare and serve nutritionally balanced meals and snacks for children• Instruct children in safe behavior, such as seeking adult assistance when crossing the street to avoid contact or play with unsafe objects.• Model appropriate social behaviors and encourage concern for others to cultivate development of interpersonal relationships and communication skills.Teacher AssistantTimothy Mosmann - October 2010 to January 2015 Rochester, NY• Provide extra assistance to students with special needs, such as non-English-speaking students or those with physical and mental disabilities.• Tutor and assist children individually or in small groups to help them master assignments and to reinforce learning concepts presented by teachers.• Instruct and monitor students in the use and care of equipment and materials to prevent injury and damage. • Prepare lesson materials, bulletin board displays, exhibits, equipment, and demonstrations.Lead Toddler TeacherPride and Joy - Rochester, NY - April 2004 to November 2006Organize and lead activities designed to promote physical, mental and social development, such as games, arts and crafts, music, storytelling, and field trips.• Teach basic skills such as color, shapes, numbers and letter recognition, personal hygiene, and social skills. • Observe and evaluate children's performance, behavior, social development, and physical health.• Read books to entire classes or to small groupsEDUCATIONCertificate in Child Development AssociateSUNY Rochester Educational Opportunity Center - Rochester, NY June 2003CertificateSUNY Rochester Educational Opportunity Center - Rochester, NY June 2002￼Associates in Liberal Arts and ScienceMonroe Community College - Rochester, NY June 1997