Lea PelychatyNiagara University: Hospitality & Tourism Management: Luxury Hotel Operations: Italian Studies: Graduating December 2016Rochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Lea-Pelychaty/daac3037a010cd28Dear employer,I am a current undergraduate student at Niagara University located in Niagara Falls, NY. I study under the College of Hospitality and Tourism Management. I major in Luxury Hotel Operations and minor in Italian Studies. I am graduating December 2016 and will receive my bachelor's degree in Luxury Hotel Operations. I have experience already in the hospitality industry (Please refer to resume). However, in the summer of 2016, I will be in Lake Como, Italy for a ten week work abroad program for my major. In order to fulfill my goals and gain the experiences I need, it is a major aspect for me to get front desk work experience.Sincerely, Lea PelychatyWORK EXPERIENCEHousekeeping Supervisor, Valet, HostessThe Strathallan- A DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel - May 2014 to PresentInspect work for conformance to prescribed standards of cleanliness.• Investigate complaints regarding housekeeping and take corrective action.• Evaluate records to forecast department personnel requirements.• Prepare reports on room occupancy, check-outs, and serviced rooms.• Parked and retrieved vehicles in selected areas and matched claim ticket numbers. • Kept keys in valet booth.• Assisted with loading of passengers and luggage.• Offered guests with directions, travel information, and shuttle service.• Made reservations for conferences, private parties, and dinning.• Greeted, Seated, and sent off guests.• Kept a neat and organized work area at the Host Stand.Work Study Student WorkerNiagara University Theater Department - January 2014 to PresentAssisted the secretaries of the theater department.• Fulfilled given office tasks.• Liable for financial transactions and customer service assistance in the Box Office. • Answered multi-lined phone and routed calls for the Theater Department.Active MemberHONOR - September 2013 to PresentMaintained academic excellence and attended weekly chapter meetings.Member of standard board as Panhellenic Delegate (Vice President)Alpha Sigma Alpha Zeta Chi - September 2014 to November 2014 Coordinated community service and recruitment ideas with Phi Sigma Sigma.￼SKILLS• Experience using POS systems such as Aloha, Micros, Open Table and Soft- touch Micros • OnQ(TM)• Vendini Ticket-line Ticket Sale• ServSafe Certified• HiltonWorldWide• Microsoft OfficeEDUCATIONBacholers in Luxury Hotel OperationsNiagara University: College of Hospitality and Tourism Management - Niagara University, NY 2013 to 2013