Lorraine Quinones Bookkeeper - Philadelphia ChurchChicago, IL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Lorraine-Quinones/f848e0bd64ce1eafKnown for honesty, integrity and a genuine passion for achieving goals for self and others. Superior interpersonal dynamics interface seamlessly with others from all levels, backgrounds and cultures. Respected for maintaining a professional and positive demeanor, regardless of the situation. Knowledge of QuickBooks, MS Excel, Word, and Servant Keeper Programs.In pursuit for certification in Bookkeeping and continuing education for a degree in Accounting.Extensive focus on education and fitness awareness development and utilization of educational materials relating to health and lifestyles field.Striving for certification in teaching Group exercise and Step aerobics classes, already taken a Fitness Instructor Training at LA Fitness Sept.2013.WORK EXPERIENCECashierTarget - Chicago, IL - November 2013 to PresentResponsibilitiesGreeted customers, rang up their purchase in a fast orderly manor, bagged their items, load up their cart with their goods, and informed them about the Target red card and it's benefits. Built a relationship with our guest and gave them fast efficient service.AccomplishmentsFamiliarized the customer with the Red Card and was able to maintain my weekly goals of 3% for my sales and purchases. Gave the guests a fast expedit service.Skills UsedOrganization for bagging items, sales knowledge, nine key pad, memorization for sku numbers on food purchased. Math skills for counting change back to the guest, finding percentages for discount on items. Fast efficient service, multitasking while communicating with the guest, lifting and carrying various items to their cart.BookkeeperPhiladelphia Church - Chicago, IL - March 2006 to December 2014Performed full charge bookkeeping and account management, assembled documentation for year-end. Managed financial bookwork including all bank reconciliations, cash flow statements, and projected budgets. Interacted with intermediary concerning reimbursements and regulations. Managed budgets and help developed policies and procedures for fiscal management.EDUCATIONAssociates in AccountingDeVry University Chicago - Chicago, IL 2010 to 2011￼