Michael VreelandFenner, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Michael-Vreeland/ff1ec7fb4cd8dbdfWORK EXPERIENCEDelivery Driver/Cookolivaries pizzeria - Hamilton, NY - September 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesDeliver pizza and other dishes to customers. Do prep for pizza dough, toppings ect.AccomplishmentsDelivering safely without a rush. Safety is important.Skills Usedkeeping a clean work area, driving standardExpoColgate INN - Hamilton, NY - October 2013 to August 2014ResponsibilitiesTo garnish food properly. Making sure the plate looks good and clean. Making sure the food is going to the correct table. That means telling a Back server where to take it, and making sure it gets there in a timely fashion.AccomplishmentsReally making the food look good every time. It looked the about the same every time to some degree. Not just skipping anything because there is a lot going on.Skills UsedHandling stress. Being in this position means everyone is coming to you wanting something all the time. You have to be able to put them off without being rude or derogatory. While still getting it to them as fast as you can.Camp Counselor and WSI/Lifeguard, Assisstant Water Front DirectorMadison County Childrens Camp - West Eaton, NY - June 2010 to August 2014ResponsibilitiesRun waterfront in absence of Director. Teaching swimming lessons, as well as boating classes, supervising free swim. This camp is basically free too all of the children who attend. It was started to help underprivileged kids from the area get to enjoy an experience that they typically wouldn't get to because most of their parents could not afford it. The special part about this camp is something called cabin time. This is a time where a cabin spends time together to talk. What ever may need to be talked about is for the kids to say, it could be anything.AccomplishmentsMany kids have issues at home, what ever it might be helping that child come to terms with it is the main goal of camp. What ever it might be.Skills UsedShowing this kids that you care about them is sometimes all that they need. When dealing with kids you always have to be alert, you can never get distracted.￼Cashier/Pump AttendantUnited Refining Company - North Tonawanda, NY - September 2012 to May 2013ResponsibilitiesRun cash register, do register reports at the end of the night. Checking gas levels in tanks at end of night. Assisting customers as needed.AccomplishmentsAchieving more customer service skillsSkills UsedPolite dimener, manners.Cashier/Sales AssociatePrice Chopper - Hamilton, NY - March 2011 to July 2012ResponsibilitiesRun register, Bag groceries.Accomplishments doing it faster over timeSkills Used Good hands.EDUCATIONPhysical EducationNiagara County Community College - Sanborn, NY 2012 to 2013High school regents diploma in regentsMorrisville Eaton MSHS - Morrisville, NY 2009 to 2012ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCertifications - Water Saftey Instructor, Water front lifeguard, CPR/AED, First Aid,