Raymond HaywardThird Grade Teacher - James P. Duffy SchoolRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Raymond-Hayward/3eee10df79bb4d63WORK EXPERIENCEThird Grade TeacherJames P. Duffy School - Rochester, NY - August 2006 to PresentTeaching in a third grade inclusion elementary classroom using the RCSD created math curriculum, Guided Reading, Writers Workshop writing model, and implementing the use of computers and technology programs in conjunction with all subject areas in the classroom.• Worked in collaboration with colleagues to create a grade level curriculum DVD to be sent to parents.• Created Response to Intervention monitoring forms using collaborated ideas from team members.• Participated in grade level Collegial Circle On ELA Modules - Breaking down the modules to gain a better understanding of material. Modifying curriculum to meet the needs of a wide variety of learners. Created SMARTBoard Lessons /Word documents/found alternative text/ and supplemental text to help enrich individual lessons.• Organized signing up administration, fellow teachers, and teacher assistants for an electronic plan book program to be used in the school.• Taught teachers how to use electronic plan book program.• Go to person for other staff with technology problems such as the SMARTBoard or computer (hardware or software).• Part of the school data team. The purpose of data team is to analyze student data and help summarize what tiers students and classes fall into.• Part of the school intervention team. The team meets to discuss Tier 3 students with the classroom teacher and helps the teacher come up with interventions to help their students.• Part of an ELA Common Core Module PLC at my grade level. At the PLC we discuss lessons and share materials that we each created for the lessons.• Share SMARTBoard lessons I created with other teachers at my grade level.• Participated in PD for Lucy Calkins literacy and writing programs, and then implemented into daily reading and writing curriculum.Full-time employeeRochester City School District, James P. Duffy School - Rochester, NY - August 2006 to Presentteaching in a third grade inclusion classroom, member of schools data team, member of RTI rollout team, member of school intervention team.Student TeachingHolmes Elementary School - Tonawanda, NY - March 2006 to May 2006Student TeachingEdison Elementary School - Tonawanda, NY - January 2006 to March 2006Part-time and summer help employeeTown of Tonawanda Water and Sewer Department - Tonawanda, NY - May 2002 to December 2005 helping with the landscape and maintenance of the inside and outside of the building and grounds.Cashier￼Tim Hortons - Tonawanda, NY - June 1999 to December 2004 Server/Prepared food/ unloaded trucks, responsible for everyday clean up.EDUCATIONMaster of Science in Childhood EducationState University of New York College at Brockport - Brockport, NY 2007 to 2010Bachelor of Science in Childhood EducationBuffalo State College - Buffalo, NY 2003 to 2006HistoryState University of New York College at Brockport - Brockport, NY 2001 to 2003ADDITIONAL INFORMATION COMPUTER SKILLSProficient in SMARTBoard software and hardware, proficient in both Windows and Mac operating systems, proficient in Microsoft Office 2010 (Power Point, Word, Excel), Microsoft Works, and Yahoo Site Builder (Website Building Software). Designed and maintained business websites, trained in KidBiz, LEXIA, First-In- Math, and Compass learning programs. Online Lesson Planning software. Proficient in AIMSWeb progress monitoring software. Got to tech support at my current employer.