Ricardo SoriaHVAC Technician, Maintenance - Mark IV ConstructionRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ricardo-Soria/86daba003acc2aa6I have the confidence and ability to complete any task set forth with the knowledge to execute within minimal time and cost. For the past 20 years, I required the desire to study, listen and learn on how to develop my many skill trades to my standards. From the experience of having many veterans in the trade share there knowledge to owning my own business at one point, I am looked at within my corporation as a problem solver. I believe what makes a great technician is there troubleshooting skills. One must be able to understand and solve the problem as quick and efficient as possible. This would be my greatest asset.WORK EXPERIENCEHVAC Technician, MaintenanceMark IV Construction - 2012 to PresentInstall, maintain, repair HVAC equipment for large apartment complex. Daily schedule will consist of charging condensing units to appropriate PSI, High/Low side. Trouble shooting forced air systems, repairs will include replacing contactors, capacitors, fan motors, blow motors, circuit boards, fuses, electrical, etc I am also responsible for ordering, stocking all supplies needed. Training future technician on all aspect of jobs required. Will also assist maintenance department with any repairs to apartment complex.Maintenance TechnicianHighland of Brighton - 2011 to 2012Safe guard boilers, heating tanks, HVAC system. Complete work orders with-in facility. Read and document temperature throughout facility floors and water locations. Snow removal, security, complete all assigned duties for the day.Tower Climber ApprenticeSBA LLC - 2011 to 2011Assisted with Tower construction for wireless serviceClimb 200' Tower for cable, ground, dressing connectionsAssisted Civil Crew with underground conduit, masonry, de-comp materials from Tower for upgradesDBAFlower City Lighting - 2010 to 2011OwnerContract with Enerpath, relamp/reballast light fixturesWe have 4 Lighting Technician and a Project Manager running Flower City LightingCall and set up appointments with customers for Light Fixture RetrofittingUpon completion of daily jobs, fax all signed paperwork, invoices, waivers to Corporate Headquarters My daily duties consist of payroll, purchasing, AR, setting all appointmentsLighting TechnicianCentrical Services - Rochester, NY - 2010 to 2010Relamp/Reballast lighting fixtures for Commercial Industrial and Small Businesses Jobs sites ranged from Buffalo, Rochester and Syracuse, traveling is the norm.￼Reading scope of work for correct installs for different locations, reading bulbs/ballast specs and correcting any changes or add-ons.Install new fixtures for certain contracts. Remove ballast from old fixture, gut fixture and dispose of materials to contractors specification.Retrieving signature before and after completion of job Clean-up, remove old materialsMaintenance TechnicianGreenleaf Meadows Associate - Greece, NY - 2009 to 2010Maintenance TechnicianResponsible for all maintenance dutiesMake ready townhouse/apartment for new move-inDaily responsibilities consists of electrical, HVAC, plumbing, carpentry, laying tile floors for bath/kitchen, hardwood flooring, all repairsOn-call service/snow removalMaintenance TechnicianFrontier Management - Rochester, NY - 2009 to 2009Responsible for all maintenance dutiesDrywall; electrical; heating/cooling; plumbing; linoleum; painting Safeguarding of boilers; furnaces; plumbing systemsMaintenance TechnicianFarash Corporation - Rochester, NY - 2005 to 2009Act in response to all maintenance callsRenovation of apartmentsSafeguard of boilers, heating and plumbing systems Ordering all maintenance supplies/equipmentProject ManagerElectrican Energy Services - Rochester, NY - 2003 to 2005Supervised multi-site projectInstall and maintenance of light fixtures, circuits and sensors Retrieve signature upon completion of jobsEDUCATIONDiplomaBenjamin Franklin High School - Rochester, NY 1987 to 1991ADDITIONAL INFORMATION2009-Present, DBA License under Flower City Lighting2008, Asbestos/Lead Awareness, Environmental Education Associates, INC2007, HVAC Type 1 License, Monroe BOCESJourneyman, [...] Electrican Energy Services2000-present, Renovation and maintenance for residential homes which includes, electrical, HVAC, drywall/ paint, plumbing, all home repair and installs.