Robert MilesPresident, VP of Member Education - BrotherRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Robert-Miles/7de2185c1f3d2ea3WORK EXPERIENCEPresident, VP of Member EducationBrother - March 2013 to PresentAct as head executive and lead communications with school administration and national affiliates.• Insurance policy for our chapter was explained and compliance outlined as a member of the Loss Prevention Committee. Premiums were lowered as a result of greater management efforts.• Attended Delta Upsilon Leadership Institute in August 2014, Presidents Academy 2015, and met with the board of directors.Assembly Majority Leader Joseph MorelleNYS - Rochester, NY - June 2014 to August 2014Researched bills for legislative and constituent service casework. Using the legislative resource system analyzed current bills and laws to provide responses to constituents, and to support the legislative team.• Outlook and Wrike Project Management were used to filter emails and distribute information to the relevant team members. Email trends in constituent opinion were tracked and relayed to senior staff.• Generated funding recommendation letters for, and attended, Finger Lakes Regional Development Council meetings. This was done for local projects that demonstrated economic development value.• Updated and collated constituent database, which consisted of inputting paper files, sorting and pulling information from emails, and recording information from phone and in person meetings.NESCAC All-Academic Team - Clinton, NY - March 2014 to May 2014MemberHamilton College Varsity Indoor Track & Field, Outdoor Track & Field - Clinton, NY - January 2014 to May 2014In season practice and travel commitments were fulfilled in coordination with football commitments.StudentBank of America Merrill Lynch and OpenDoor - Rochester, NY - 2014 to January 2014Jan. 2014)• Program provided by Bank of America Merrill Lynch and OpenDoor instructed by Brian Shields. The seminar is an online interactive classroom with graded weekly assignments.• The purpose of the program is to introduce and train candidates for a career in finance, and to cover valuation, comps, transaction research, and stock pitching.• The course provided not only instruction, but also afforded opportunities to work with the information. General Contract Work Rochester, NYNESCAC All-Academic Team - September 2013 to November 2013recognizing academic performance during the athletic season.• Packaged leftover food from campus dining halls with other team members for local food shelters. The service project, Hamilton Against Hunger, is a coordinated effort between all on-campus sports teams.• Coordinated scouting film during the 2014 season as a result of significant time missed due to injury.￼ContractorLimited Summer - December 2012 to June 20132014)• Aided in planning and project work related to landscaping, dry wall, carpentry, and electrical.• Project manager for several landscaping sites, including residential, business and development locations. Design and project execution included pricing and payment for bulk suppliers, tool and equipment management, and labor.Leadership & Hamilton College Varsity Football Clinton, NYActivities Member, Film Coordinator (All Semesters)• In season practice, lifting, and travel commitments, as well as off-season lifting and training.EDUCATIONBachelor of Arts in EconomicsHamilton College - Clinton, NYADDITIONAL INFORMATIONSkills Microsoft Office Suite, STATA, Advanced German, CRM, Wrike, CRSP