Romarie PerezTampa, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Romarie-Perez/cad0e8c04dc0ef2eMeticulous Medical Billing Clerk, excellent at juggling multiple tasks and working under pressure. Broad industry experience includes Healthcare, conciliation of debits ad credits, Customer Service, and Data Entry.WORK EXPERIENCECashierTarget - Tampa, FL - April 2015 to PresentResponsibilitiesGreet customers as they arrive at the store and provide them with information about products and/or services, respond to customers’ complaints and resolve their issues, take payment in exchange of items sold, bag, box and wrap purchased items, identify prices of goods using memory or scanner, enter transactions in the cash register and provide customers with the total bill, sort and count currency and coins, issue receipts and change to customers, process credit card and check payments, issue trading stamps and gift cards, perform the duties of customer service representative when required.Billing ClerkHealth Laboratories Services - Carolina, PR - 1991 to 2003Actively maintained current working knowledge of CPT and ICD - 9 coding principles, government regulations, protocols and third party requirements regarding billings. Effectively managed multi-line phone system and greeted all patients. Prepared and attached all required claims documentation including referrals, treatment plans or other required correspondence to reduce incidence of denials. Recorded and filed patient data and medical records. Reviewed diagnostics and procedural terminology for consistency with acceptable medical nomenclature. Ensured proper coding, sequencing of diagnoses and procedures. Assigned appropriate codes with a 95% accuracy rate. Researched CPT and ICD - 9 coding discrepancies for compliance and reimbursement accuracy. Accurately posted and sent out all medical claims. Diligently followed up on all unpaid claims and patient payments. Input payments, adjustments and denials into medical manager system. Ensured claims were billed and paid correctly. Posted and adjusted payments from insurance companies. Responded to correspondence from insurance companies. Prepared and submitted claims to insurance companies electronically and/or manually. Prepared, reviews and submitted patient statements. Tracked and recorded the status of delinquent accounts. Billed all Lab claims with attached lab slips. Thoroughly investigated past due invoices. Internal Auditing of Health Insurance debits and credits.Passenger Service AgentInternational Airport Luis Munoz Marin - Carolina, PR - 1989 to 1989 1989Passenger Service - College PracticeEDUCATIONASSOCIATE OF ARTS in WOMEN'S STUDIESUNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND 2013 to PresentTOURISM AND AIRLINES￼SAN JUAN CITY COLLEGE - San Juan, PR 1991UNIVERSIDAD INTERAMERICANA 1988ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SKILLSExpert in problem solutions, Customer Service, and Assistant.Proficient in Internal Auditing of Health Insurance debits and credits. Collection of money to patients and Health Care Insurance, and expert in Health Insurance electronics claims submissions.Spanish and English spoken.