Samone Harshaw Card memberColumbus, OH - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Samone-Harshaw/d6f7649118785fe5Highly skilled detail orientated professional with over five years' experience in collections majority experience in store credit cards and checking and savings bank accounts. Looking to continue to utilize and expand my expertise in the collections and customer service field with a competitive expanding company.WORK EXPERIENCECashierTarget - Columbus, OH - 2015 to PresentResponsibilitiesCashier ringer guest out as they are checking out make sure to smile and provide great customer service and offer target red card and special offers.AccomplishmentsFace to face customer service skillsSkills UsedHandling cash from the registerCustomer CareHealthscope benefits - Westerville, OHResponsibilitiesTake calls from providers and members and provide them with service containing their coverage . Verify eligibility and claim calls with providers over the phone. Using medical terminology , hippa and cpt code usage.AccomplishmentsI accomplished providing excellent service and valid information given to the provider or member. Knowing after each call I solved an issue weather it be a claim processed incorrectly or a issue with a members policy.Skills UsedTyping , mult-tasking , computer knowledge , communication , and problem solving .Card memberDiscover Financial Services - New Albany, OH - October 2014New Albany, OH 10/14-PresentCMA (Pre-delinquency)• Take inbound and outbound calls to card members who are at high risk of going delinquent. Card member may be current but may be over the credit limit on their credit card.• Help card members with hardships they may be going through. We recommend to each card member that they setup dpy (auto pay) to keep them from going delinquent or past due.CMA (Reinforce Fe)• Take inbound and outbound calls to card members who are delinquent 30-119 days on their credit card accounts.￼• Help card members setup arrangements for at least past due balance if not minimum payment to bring account back current up till the next cycle date.• Prevent card members from being reported to the credit bureau after 30 days.Collector RetailJP Morgan Chase Bank - Columbus, OH - January 2011 to June 2013Take inbound and outbound calls to customers for overdrawn checking/and savings accounts. Answering any questions they have concerning their negative balances.• Enter in notations of payment arrangements made by customer.Collector Retail(Deposit Account Recovery)• Collect on account past 30 days• Take inbound and outbound calls for charged off checking and savings accounts.• Assist customers with a payment plan solution or settlement.• Enter notes into the system regarding the arrangements you made with the customer.Third Party CollectorCBCS - Columbus, OH - August 2010 to December 2010Collect on AT&T and Verizon accounts that are past 90 days in collections. • Setup payment plans and offer settlements to customers.Autodial CollectorAlliance Data - Westerville, OH - August 2010 to August 2010Make outbound calls to customers with a credit card for stores such as Victoria Secret, Express, New York & Co.• Collects on accounts up to 30 days past due.• Arrange payments to bring account back current and out of collection status.EDUCATIONFranklin University February 2014 to PresentColumbus State Community College September 2009 to March 2013Beechcroft High School August 2006 to June 2009ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Skills and Qualifications:• Critical thinker and problem solver • Excellence communication skills• Collections• Customer service• Negotiation skills• Microsoft word/Excel• Keyboarding Skills (50-65 wpm) • FDCPA training