Steven SchullerRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Steven-Schuller/34d7cd058215c6f2A career opportunity in sales that offers increased challenges and rewards, utilizing my experience in technical sales and organization management.WORK EXPERIENCECustom Finish Painting Co - October 2013 to PresentOperate own business to include painting and carpentry projects.Ken Bingo Painting Inc - May 2013 to October 2013Duties include painting interior and exterior new construction projects.Part-time Millwork Special, DutiesThe Home Depot, Panorama Trail - Penfield, NY - April 2009 to May 2013include ordering custom window and doors, close quote follow up, and customer service.Loan OfficerThe Home Depot, Panorama Trail - Rochester, NY - May 2009 to October 2009Follow up on leads furnished as well as establishing new contacts with potential customers. Advising on mortgage products and plan of action for new customers.Loan OfficerGateway funding inc - October 2008 to January 2009Cold calling inside sales, involved in refinances and purchase type mortgages. Independent, work from home and office.The Home Depot, Irondiquoit, NY - May 2006 to May 2008Part time) Millwork DepartmentDuties included customer service, ordering custom window and doors while maintaining the department sales goalsOutbound/Inbound Technical Sales Representative for RyderCONCENTRIX CORPORATION - Pittsford, NY - May 2004 to February 2008Duties included making calls to assigned territories throughout the United States for the purpose of prospecting leads for the field representatives. Exceeded company quotas on a consistent basis as well as achieving a .07 percent revenue increase for the client in the first year.Customer Sales RepresentativeThe Sutherland group inc - Rochester, NY - May 2002 to November 2003Wireless CarrierReceived inbound calls from business customers, and consumers while maintaining quotas. Provided customers with product specifications on wireless devices and technology as well as recommending appropriate accessories and upgrades.Media Department Engineer￼Kinko's Corporate Document Solutions - Rochester, NY - April 1995 to April 2002Fulfillment Specialist Staff TrainerQuality Control Inspector• Produced and created disc media for customer's overnight demands.• Troubleshoot operations and inventory necessary parts.• Maintain a production Schedule• Performed mastering duties which included:• Converting of files for proofing purposes on the Docutech• Worked on front end image manipulation on Docutech• Developed and implemented printer quality test for Docutech printersOrganizational and project management abilities utilized for process developmentEDUCATIONAAS in Graphic Arts & PrintingRochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY