Todd Cunningham Shuttle Bus Driver - First Transit INCRochester, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Todd-Cunningham/a09e4fd0e01530d9Seeking a career within the Manufacturing and/or Warehouse field that will allow me to utilize my skillsand training from previous years of work, to the fullest potential. Maintain a strong work ethic with high level attention to detail and ability to multi-task. Adaptable, willing to learn new jobs. Flexible and dependable, willing toput in extra hours and weekends as needed. Excellent interpersonal, organization and communication skills. Driven,efficient and goal-oriented. Believe in independence and teamwork as necessities to complete goals.WORK EXPERIENCEShuttle Bus DriverFirst Transit INC - February 2014 to Present at Brockport CollegeDrive a designated timed route around campus picking and dropping off studentsPart-time driverLifetime Assistance - September 2005 to PresentTransfer special needs clients from home to their destinations. Wheelchair assistance when necessary.ExperienceCDL Class Bdriving capabilities include, CDL Class B with air breaks and passenger endorsement. Capable of maneuvering fork lift, with 22 years of materials handling, manufacturing and warehouse experience.Material handler / Picker-packer/ DriverK2 Industry - April 2013 to February 2014Designate tasks and organize the warehouse stock by product line and by physical alignment, allowing sufficient space for overflow. Process and package shipments to customers and companies. Process incoming materials; receiving, processing and distributing materials. Perform materials handling operations for shipmentsincluding lifting, moving and storing of various sized packages. Packaging products, shrink wrapping, assisting inventory control.Perform periodic facilities maintenance and/or custodial/housekeeping tasks, such as cleaning parking lot, loading dock and area surrounding building, keeping floors clear of debris, maintaining bathrooms and assisting in daily closing down of warehouseBus driverChurchville-Chili Central School District - September 2004 to January 2013Transport children between home and school safely on a daily basis. Communicated safety and proper transportation etiquette to children. Voluntarily assist with sports and extracurricular trips. Maintain a professional and compassionate attitude. Handle all situations with professionalism and sensitivity.￼3rd shift group leaderCase-Hoyt - July 1987 to May 2004 in warehouseRetrieving products from the shipping area and around the building as required by use of fork lift. Load any odd truck lines, late day pickups or customer pickups. Palletizing and banding the items properly to be prepared for shipment, performing the double check process on all prepared shipments prior to shrink wrapping. Preperation ofall shipping documents including pick list, bill, packing slips and other vital documents for the shipments. Replenishany and all empty pallets. Safety clean up; sweep and pick up the open floor area. Assist other team members as necessary. As group leader, direct and train internal partners on the shipping processes.PlaterEastman Kodak - March 1980 to December 1985 PlaterApply/adhere liquid metals to materials such as copper rollers. Production/assembly line.PlaterBausch and Lomb - July 1978 to March 1980 PlaterApply/adhere liquid metals such as gold and chrome onto eye glassware, frames. Production/assembly line.EDUCATIONdiplomaChili High School 1975