tyler bitterolfMinot, ND - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/tyler-bitterolf/168f7545e7b6098bWORK EXPERIENCEcashiertarget - Minot, ND - November 2014 to PresentResponsibilitiesScan items while proving fast and friendly serviceAccomplishmentsMade it in the 'top ten team member of the week list' twice.Skills UsedCommunication skills, customer service skills, mathematics skills, ability to follow directions.labororrough rider golf course - Minot AFB, ND - June 2014 to October 2014ResponsibilitiesWorked on the course( picked the range, changed the hole placement on the greens, raked the sandtraps, changed out the water coolers, emptied all the trash, trimmed around all buildings and trees.Accomplishmentswas know for providing the best sandtraps in the last 10 years, best hole placement.Skills Usedgreat communication skill, hard working skills, ability to follow directions, driving skills, skills in safety and being aware of my surroundings, proper care and maintenance of tools and machines.night stock/forklift operatormenards - Minot, ND - October 2013 to June 2014ResponsibilitiesStock shelves with new freight as needed, moved pallets off the truck and into receiving to be processed and distributed to the proper department.Skills UsedCommunication skills, skills in safety and being aware of my surroundings, ability to follow directions, basic counting, lifting up to 100 pounds periodically with no help.laborerrough rider golf course - Minot AFB, ND - July 2013 to October 2013ResponsibilitiesWorked on the course( picked the range, changed the hole placement on the greens, raked the sandtraps, changed out the water coolers, emptied all the trash, trimmed around all buildings and trees.Accomplishments￼Edged and refilled sandtraps, was know for providing the best sandtraps in the last 10 years, best hole placement.Skills Usedgreat communication skill, hard working skills, ability to follow directions, driving skills, skills in safety and being aware of my surroundings, proper care and maintenance of tools and machinesEDUCATIONhigh school deplomaminot high school - Minot, ND 2013SKILLSAbility To Multi-TaskCommunicationLeadershipability to lift up to 70 pounds constantly Mathematicshas knowledge in most welding types including MIG,TIG,SMAW,FCW,OFW.