Vincent Peterkin StudentNewport News, VA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vincent-Peterkin/31c5ca826bf58639To expand my knowledge my experience and to learn. I also want to enhance my leadership and interaction with people for your advancement in your company.WORK EXPERIENCECart attendant/CashierTarget - Newport News, VA - June 2012 to PresentI gather shopping carts, help guests with larger carry-out items and keep the entrance clean of debris. I clean up spills that may occur through out the store and help guest when asked or needed. when I'm assign to cashier i ring up items, processing transactions like cash, credit, and checks. I created an friendly environment and a helpful and pleasant shopping experience.Security guardDefender security services inc. - Forest Hills, NY - June 2011 to December 2011When I'm assigned to the gatehouse I stop and challenge all vehicles entering the compound. I determine the destination of the vehicles' and also enter the vehicles' in a log. I'm also assigned to the garage where I have to record all vehicles' going in and out of the garage. I control traffic flow and making sure vehicles yield to pedestrians walking by.Stand attendant/cashierNational amusement sunrise multiplex - Valley Stream, NY - May 2008 to October 2010Prepare food for concession stand and keep concession stand clean of germs. I provide customer services, resolve customer complaints, and receive payments by cash or credit.VolunteerBaisley Park Community Center - Queens, NY - 2005 to 2005Duties; Served food to school aged children in an after school program. Ages between 6 & 12 years old and three days a week 3pm to 5pm.EDUCATIONFacility maintenanceOld Dominion job corp center - Monroe, VA 2015 to 2016artsHumanities and the Arts HS - Cambria Heights, NY 2008 to 2010SKILLSDependable, adaptable, Trained in ladder & tool safety, and Put up suspended grid, laid vinyl asbestos tile & ceramic tile￼ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONI' am a team player, flexible, dependable, and have great guest customer services.